Preguntas ordenadas por frecuencia (decreciente)

195450, lungs?
187598, pleural space?
147038, pneumothorax?
131916, heart?
121099, mediastinum?
109798, support devices and foreign bodies?
100728, cardiac silhouette?
88316, tubes and lines?
75213, bones?
72255, opacities?
71586, consolidation?
70460, atelectasis?
66303, edema?
55357, pulmonary hila?
54769, pulmonary vascularity?
54753, pneumonia?
32604, cardiomegaly?
28386, surgery?
26564, diaphragm?
22876, thoracic aorta?
21104, vena cava?
17690, stomach?
16618, trachea?
16061, interstitial lung disease?
14877, calcification?
14737, apical zone?
14274, fractures?
14140, infection?
12334, carina?
11983, lung parenchyma?
11940, ribs?
11769, prominence?
11488, tortuosity?
9707, free air?
9551, fluid?
9077, bronchus?
8660, aspiration?
8229, nodules?
7984, scarring?
7663, densities?
5755, emphysema?
5713, markings?
5694, congestive heart failure CHF?
5079, infiltrate?
4709, esophagus?
4562, masses?
4482, air collections?
4244, lesions?
4185, soft tissue?
3342, bronchovascular crowding?
3157, haze?
3130, hernias?
3071, cancer or tumor?
3070, gas distension?
3060, fluid overload?
2860, adenopathy?
2847, loculation?
2493, COPD?
2307, fissures?
2293, granumola?
2106, lucencies?
1870, fibrosis?
1767, pneumomediastinum?
1732, bleeding?
1351, bowel?
1267, lymph nodes?
1262, shadow?
1182, trauma?
1124, thyroid?
1099, bronchogram?
1074, contrast?
1045, peribronchial cuffing?
973, pneumoperitoneum?
967, airways?
949, bowel obstruction and loops?
944, sulci?
926, bronchiectasis?
836, radiation?
767, air-fluid level?
648, azygos vein?
564, colon?
543, air space disease?
522, abscess and cavitation?
504, ARDS?
493, bullae and blebs?
406, skinfold?
356, sarcoidosis?
356, blurring?
275, liver?
260, kerley lines?
165, azygos lobe?
109, ascites?
82, ossification?
63, pneumatocele?
45, tendon?
17, cholelithiasis?
11, sagittal chest?

Ejemplos de respuestas por pregunta:

1) lungs?:

    A: Lungs are clear
    A: No acute cardiopulmonary process
    A: Left lung remains essentially clear
    A: Lungs are clear. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
    A: Extensive pleural plaques obscures much of the lower parenchyma
    A: The lungs appear clear. No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease
    A: Aside from mild infrahilar consolidation probably atelectasis , lungs are clear
    A: Opacification at the left base is again consistent with pleural effusion and atelectasis
    A: Vascular congestion is moderate , unchanged with no progression in 2 overt pulmonary edema
    A: The lungs are relatively hyperinflated with flattening of the diaphragms. No acute cardiopulmonary process
    A: the lung volumes have decreased. Newly occurred atelectasis at the right lung base. No other focal parenchymal opacities
    A: Left upper lobe known mass measures NUMBER x NUMBER cm. There is no pneumothorax post-transbronchial biopsy of left upper lobe mass
    A: Previous mild pulmonary edema has improved in the right lung to a greater degree than the left. A band of atelectasis crosses the right lower lung
    A: The inspiratory lung volumes are appropriate. The lungs are clear without focal consolidation , pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No acute cardiopulmonary process
    A: There are bilateral lower lobe infiltrates with associated volume loss. Compared to the prior study that fluid overload and lower lobe volume loss appears slightly worse
    A: Lungs are much lower in volume , exaggerating the seriousness of pulmonary edema which is at least mild , asymmetric , worse in the left lung. Atelectasis in the right middle lobe has increased
    A: There are new peribronchial opacities in bilateral lower lobes. There is also unchanged linear scarring at the lateral left base. New peribronchial opacities in bilateral lower lobes , suggesting bronchopneumonia
    A: Again seen is marked elevation of the left hemidiaphragm , with adjacent compressive atelectasis. There is mild central pulmonary vascular congestion with mild interstitial edema. New central vascular congestion with mild interstitial edema
    A: Pigtail pleural catheter remains in place , with persistent small-to-moderate right pleural effusion and adjacent right basilar atelectasis , not appreciably changed. Minor atelectasis is present at the left lung base. Remainder of lungs are clear , cardiomediastinal contours are stable
    A: Lungs are essentially clear. Minimal atelectasis at the left lower lung is noted. Left basal new atelectasis. In the absence of appreciable reason for atelectasis , assessment with chest CT might be considered to exclude the possibility of obstruction. atelectasis due to elevation of left hemidiaphragm might be a possibility as there is a known reason for left hemidiaphragm elevation


2) pleural space?:

    A: No pleural effusion
    A: Trace right pleural effusion
    A: If any there is small left effusion
    A: No pneumothorax or effusion is identified
    A: There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion
    A: There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax
    A: Small pleural effusions are also demonstrated
    A: There is no large pleural effusion or pneumothorax
    A: There is no pulmonary edema or appreciable pleural effusion
    A: No appreciable pleural effusion or indication of pneumothorax
    A: No focal consolidation , pleural effusion or pneumothorax is present
    A: There is no pleural effusion , pneumothorax or evidence of pulmonary edema
    A: The lungs are clear of focal consolidation , large effusion or vascular congestion
    A: Moderate to large left pleural effusion has changed in distribution , not in overall severity
    A: Bilateral pleural effusions and significant atelectasis (bilateral lower lobe collapse) is overall unchanged
    A: Large right pleural effusion and consolidation as well as left pleural effusion are unchanged as well as mild pulmonary edema
    A: Left retrocardiac opacities have increased , consistent with worsening left lower lobe atelectasis and increasing small left pleural effusion
    A: There are small bilateral effusions , with underlying collapse and /or consolidation. Bilateral small effusions with underlying collapse and /or consolidation
    A: Retrocardiac density , opacity at the right base , pleural fluid and /or thickening along the upper right chest wall are all similar and some hazy opacity in the left mid zone are all similar to the prior study
    A: There is little if any right pleural effusion now compared to a small to moderate volume of fluid on. There has been a substantial increase in both left pleural effusion and left basal atelectasis since there is leftward mediastinal shift


3) pneumothorax?:

    A: No pneumothorax
    A: No pneumothorax
    A: There is no pneumothorax
    A: There is no pneumothorax
    A: No pneumothorax is evident
    A: No pleural effusion or pneumothorax
    A: any residual pneumothorax is quite small
    A: No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen
    A: There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax
    A: No pneumothorax is identified. No pneumothorax
    A: There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax
    A: No substantial pleural effusion or pneumothorax
    A: No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is demonstrated
    A: No appreciable pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen
    A: No definite consolidation , effusion , or pneumothorax is seen
    A: No focal consolidation , pleural effusion , or pneumothorax is seen
    A: Lungs are clear without focal opacity , pleural effusion , or pneumothorax
    A: the left apical pneumothorax measuring 2-3 cm in width in the apical area persists
    A: the left chest tube remains in place and there is little change in the degree of left pneumothorax
    A: Interval removal of the left chest tube with no pneumothorax appreciated , the sensitivity to detect pneumothorax is diminished given supine technique


4) heart?:

    A: I doubt overt CHF
    A: Heart size is normal
    A: Heart size is enlarged
    A: Stable moderate cardiomegaly
    A: Unchanged moderate cardiomegaly
    A: No acute cardiopulmonary process
    A: No acute cardiopulmonary process
    A: No acute cardiopulmonary process
    A: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
    A: Lungs are clear , the heart size is normal
    A: Moderate cardiomegaly without pulmonary edema
    A: Heart size is normal. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
    A: Heart size is normal. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
    A: Shallow inspiration accentuates heart size , pulmonary vascularity
    A: Remainder the chest is unchanged without acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
    A: A dialysis catheter terminates in the upper right atrium. The heart is mildly enlarged
    A: The heart is mildly enlarged. Mild pulmonary edema , small bilateral pleural effusions , mildly enlarged heart
    A: Cardiomegaly , widened mediastinum , multiple lung nodules and a large mass in the right upper lobe are unchanged
    A: A left subclavian line tip is in the proximal right atrium , and should be pulled back approximately 2 cm to secure it position at the cavoatrial junction or above
    A: A portable view of the chest shows a right IJ catheter with the tip in the right atrium , just above the entry of the IVC. Interval placement of a right IJ central line with the distal tip in the right atrium


5) mediastinum?:

    A: There is no mediastinal shift
    A: The mediastinal contour is unchanged
    A: Cardiomediastinal contours are normal
    A: Mediastinal and hilar contours are normal
    A: The cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable
    A: The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal
    A: Cardiomediastinal silhouette appears normal
    A: The mediastinal and hilar contours are normal
    A: Cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are stable
    A: The cardiomediastinal hilar contours are normal
    A: The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are stable
    A: Cardiomediastinal contours are stable in appearance
    A: The cardiac , mediastinal , hilar contours are normal
    A: The cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are unremarkable
    A: The cardiac , mediastinal and hilar contours appear stable
    A: The cardiomediastinal silhouette and hilar contour is unremarkable
    A: Cardiomediastinal silhouette and hilar contours are otherwise unremarkable
    A: there is severe unchanged cardiomegaly and stable appearing mediastinal and hilar contours
    A: The lungs are clear , The cardiac , hilar and mediastinal contours are normal , No pleural abnormality is seen
    A: Severe cardiomegaly and mediastinal vascular engorgement are stable , pulmonary vascular caliber is top normal , pulmonary arteries are enlarged , there is no pulmonary edema or pleural effusion


6) support devices and foreign bodies?:

    A: Port-A-Cath is unchanged
    A: Pacer lead is in unchanged position
    A: the course of the left PICC line is unchanged
    A: A right-sided chest tube is in unchanged position
    A: There are surgical clips projecting over the right breast
    A: NG tube tip is in the stomach continues to be mild cardiomegaly
    A: NG tube tip passes below the diaphragm terminating in the stomach
    A: a nasogastric tube is in place , terminating in the fundus of the stomach
    A: Endotracheal tube and enteric tube are unchanged in position and appropriately sited
    A: Left PIC line ends low in the SVC. Tracheostomy tube is midline with no evidence of complication
    A: A left-sided chest tube has been removed. No evidence for pneumothorax status post chest tube removal
    A: The position of the dual-chamber pacemaker is satisfactory. Position of dual-chamber pacemaker is satisfactory
    A: Cardiac silhouette remains within upper limits of normal in size with the dual-channel pacer leads in unchanged position
    A: Redemonstrated is a chest tube is seen terminating in the right middle lung field. Redemonstrated are endotracheal and nasogastric tubes
    A: Endotracheal tube , right supraclavicular central venous catheter , left PIC line , transesophageal drainage tube are in standard placements respectively
    A: Endotracheal tube tip is 6 cm above carina at the level of the clavicles. Consider advancing the ET tube by 1-2 cm for better seating. Tip of right subclavian line ends at mid SVC
    A: Left subclavian central line has its tip in the low SVC. Nasogastric tube is seen coursing below the diaphragm with the tip not identified. The ET tube is approximately NUMBER cm above the carina
    A: Interval placement of a feeding tube with the tip in the proximal small bowel. Clips in the right upper quadrant are seen , consistent with cholecystectomy. Spinal hardware is seen overlying the visualized mid-to-lower lumbar spine
    A: Basal component is hard to assess if any , there has been appreciable reexpansion of the right lung following insertion of the pleural drain which terminates medially in the right lower chest. Atrioventricular pacer leads in standard placements
    A: Nodular opacities projecting over the lung bases bilaterally are most likely nipple shadows. Prosthetic aortic valve is seen. Median sternotomy wires and mediastinal clips are noted. Nodular opacities projecting over the lung bases , most likely nipple shadows , repeat with nipple markers can be performed to confirm


7) cardiac silhouette?:

    A: Cardiac silhouette size is normal
    A: Normal size of the cardiac silhouette
    A: Cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal
    A: Unchanged size of the cardiac silhouette
    A: The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal
    A: The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal
    A: Cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal size
    A: Cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are stable
    A: The cardiac and mediastinal contours are normal
    A: The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are stable
    A: The cardiac and mediastinal silhouette is unchanged
    A: The cardiomediastinal hilar contours are unremarkable
    A: The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable
    A: The cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are unremarkable
    A: The cardiomediastinal silhouette and hilar contours are normal
    A: The heart is mildly enlarged , with stable cardiomediastinal contours
    A: Borderline size of the cardiac silhouette with tortuosity of the thoracic aorta
    A: Continued enlargement of the cardiac silhouette with some elevation of pulmonary venous pressure
    A: there again is moderate enlargement of the cardiac silhouette with prominence of the pulmonary arteries bilaterally
    A: Cardiomediastinal silhouette including cardiac size top normal , shifted towards the left , large diaphragmatic hernia , multiple mediastinal lymph nodes and mass-like consolidation in the right upper lobe are better seen in prior CT from


8) tubes and lines?:

    A: Right PICC tip is in the lower SVC
    A: The right PICC line in unchanged position
    A: Right IJ catheter tip is in the IVC as before
    A: Central venous infusion catheters end in the low SVC
    A: PICC seen projecting over the humerus on the lateral view
    A: The Swan-Ganz catheter ends in the descending right pulmonary artery
    A: Right PICC tip is difficult to visualize , can be followed to the mid SVC
    A: there is no change in the position of the ET tube , NG tube , bilateral chest tubes
    A: NG tube tip is out of view below the diaphragm. Left PICC tip is in the cavoatrial junction
    A: The position of the right and left chest tubes and of the left pectoral Port-A-Cath is constant
    A: Partially imaged is a percutaneous gastrojejunostomy catheter in the left upper quadrant of the abdomen
    A: The patient has received a left pectoral pacemaker. 1 lead projects over the right atrium and 1 over the right ventricle
    A: The PICC line is just in the upper portion of the SVC , possibly minimally more proximal than on the previous examination
    A: there has been placement of a nasogastric tube that extends at least to the lower body of the stomach were crosses the lower margin of the image
    A: there is an endotracheal tube with its tip approximately 4 cm above the carina. IABP tip lies approximately NUMBER cm below the transverse arch of the aorta
    A: NG tube tip passes below the inferior field of view , most likely in the distal stomach or proximal duodenum. Right subclavian line tip is at the cavoatrial junction
    A: A hemodialysis catheter is again seen terminating in the right atrium. There has been interval removal of the nasogastric tube. A left-sided PICC line is again seen with the tip at the cavoatrial junction
    A: a previously placed right pectoral Port-A-Cath has been removed in the interval. The patient has been intubated. The tip of the endotracheal tube projects NUMBER cm above the carina. The tube could be advanced by 1 to 2 cm
    A: The ET tube is in satisfactory position at the level of the clavicles. An OG tube projects into the stomach with the tip off the film. ET tube in satisfactory position , at least 3 cm above the carina. OG tube projects into the stomach with the tip off the film
    A: Four frontal images of the chest demonstrate a Dobbhoff tube that is folded over the stomach and reenters the esophagus to the level of the mid chest. Another image demonstrates the Dobbhoff tube folding over in the stomach and entering the distal esophagus. it appears that the tube was initially in the position with the tip in the mid chest and subsequently repositioned to the tube tip being in the distal esophagus. Dobbhoff tube is seen in two different positions , both of which show the tube tip to be within the esophagus. The tube will need to be repositioned to place the tip within the stomach


9) bones?:

    A: There is kyphosis
    A: Bony structures are intact
    A: No acute osseous abnormalities
    A: No displaced fracture is detected
    A: Imaged osseous structures are intact
    A: No acute osseous abnormalities detected
    A: There are no acute osseous abnormalities
    A: No acute osseous abnormality is identified
    A: Visualized osseous structures are grossly intact
    A: Old healed left lateral rib fractures are again noted
    A: Multiple thoracic compression deformities are unchanged
    A: Degenerative changes are seen in the shoulder girdles bilaterally
    A: Mild to moderate degenerative changes are present in the thoracic spine
    A: Nasogastric tube tip is beyond the edge of the film and is beyond the GE junction
    A: No displaced rib fractures seen. Deformity of the a left 9th rib is unchanged. No acute rib fracture
    A: No acute osseous abnormalities detected. Old anterior right and posterior left rib fractures are identified
    A: Multiple chronic left rib fractures are re- demonstrated , as well as a compression deformity of the L1 vertebral body
    A: There is diffuse demineralization of the osseous structures. Several wedge compression deformities within the upper and mid thoracic spine are unchanged
    A: Lobulated opacity just lateral to the junction of the aortic arch and descending thoracic aorta is from a known pseudoaneurysm of the aortic arch and described on multiple prior chest CTs
    A: Single portable shallow right oblique radiograph demonstrates right chest tube with tip coursing inferomedially and terminating adjacent to the T11-T12 vertebral interspace level. Minimally displaced rib fracture through posterior sixth right rib


10) opacities?:

    A: Left retrocardiac opacity is re- demonstrated
    A: There is no focal opacity convincing for pneumonia
    A: New opacity adjacent to the left cardiac border is demonstrated
    A: Linear opacity in the left mid lung likely reflects subsegmental atelectasis
    A: Mild right upper lobe opacity is identified , likely postprocedural in nature
    A: Retrocardiac opacification again is consistent with volume loss in the left lower lobe
    A: No new pulmonary opacities , or evidence of recurrence/worsening pneumothorax/pleural effusion
    A: A linear opacity in the left mid lung is probably scarring from prior pneumonia demonstrated in this region
    A: Stable mild cardiomegaly with mild pulmonary edema and retrocardiac opacity that is likely atelectatic in origin
    A: This is a subtle linear opacity at the right base , most likely represents atelectasis. No focal airspace opacities identified
    A: Vascular plethora , hazy opacity in the right mid and lower zones , increased retrocardiac density are also similar to the prior study
    A: there is some increased patchy opacity at both lung bases. Patchy opacities at both bases could nonetheless reflect aspiration and /or pneumonia
    A: Slightly diminished lung volumes with right basilar patchy opacity most likely reflecting atelectasis , pneumonia or aspiration cannot be entirely excluded
    A: Patchy airspace opacities are noted in both lung bases concerning for multifocal pneumonia. Patchy bibasilar airspace opacities concerning for multifocal pneumonia
    A: Persistent patchy opacity at the left lung base could be due to infection and /or aspiration. Persistent patchy opacity at the left lung base may be due to infection and /or aspiration
    A: Increased opacification at the left base could reflect pulmonary hemorrhage or developing aspiration or pneumonia. Less prominent area of increased opacification is seen at the right base medially
    A: lateral views of chest demonstrate the patient is status post right wedge resection with chain sutures in the right midlung with associated volume loss and vague opacity in the midlung is unchanged , likely post-surgical
    A: The lungs are low in volume and show a confluent opacity in the left lower lobe. There is mild interstitial opacities bilaterally which could be related to low lung volumes. Possible left lower lobe opacity could represent an early pneumonia
    A: The opacity in the right mid lung and medial right upper lung has significantly improved with associated improved aeration of the right upper lung since after the placement of a chest tube. Significant interval improvement in the right upper lung opacity with improved right upper lung aeration
    A: The left lung is nearly completely opacified , obscuring the left cardiac border and left hemidiaphragm. A vague opacity overlies the left lung apex , potentially concerning for underlying aortic injury. Focal opacity within the left apical lung. Near-complete left lung opacification may be secondary to collapse or dense consolidation


11) consolidation?:

    A: There is no focal consolidation
    A: Lungs are clear of edema or consolidation
    A: The lungs are clear of confluent consolidation
    A: There is no focal consolidation or pneumothorax
    A: There is no lobar consolidation. No lobar consolidation
    A: No focal consolidation , effusion , edema , or pneumothorax
    A: There is no focal consolidation , pneumothorax , or effusion
    A: No focal consolidations concerning for infection are identified
    A: There is no focal consolidation , pleural effusion or pneumothorax
    A: There is no focal consolidation , pleural effusion , or pneumothorax
    A: No areas of focal consolidation are seen. No focal consolidation is seen
    A: The lungs are clear without new consolidation , effusion , or pneumothorax
    A: The lungs appear clear without focal consolidation , large effusion or pneumothorax
    A: Subsegmental atelectasis is demonstrated in both lung bases without focal consolidation
    A: There is continued increasing/worsening of multifocal bilateral consolidations more so on the left
    A: Consolidation within the right lower lobe has also improved , particularly as viewed on the lateral projection
    A: The lungs are otherwise clear without focal consolidation , pleural effusion , or pneumothorax. No focal consolidation
    A: There is bibasilar linear atelectasis , left greater than right , without focal consolidation , pleural effusion , or pneumothorax
    A: On the lateral view only , there is retrocardiac opacity which potentially raises concern for a subtle pneumonia though no definite consolidation is seen on the frontal projection
    A: The previously seen left lower lung large consolidation has substantially improved with still present focal opacity at the left lung base. This might potentially reflect remaining focal consolidation and less likely represent new area of infection


12) atelectasis?:

    A: Scattered mild atelectasis noted
    A: There is mild retrocardiac atelectasis
    A: Mild left lower lobe atelectasis has developed
    A: Bibasilar opacities most likely represent atelectasis
    A: Linear opacity at the left lung base is likely atelectasis
    A: There is minimal bibasilar atelectasis. Minimal bibasilar atelectasis
    A: Minimal left pleural effusion and subsequent left retrocardiac atelectasis
    A: The lung parenchyma is clear with a small amount of atelectasis at the lung bases
    A: There is likely patchy opacity at both bases most consistent with bibasilar atelectasis
    A: Bilateral pleural effusions , bilateral areas of atelectasis , mild pulmonary edema are constant
    A: Lung volumes are quite low , exaggerating the severity of mild pulmonary edema and bibasilar atelectasis
    A: Atelectasis at the lung bases is relatively mild and there are no findings to suggest either pneumonia or edema
    A: Findings may reflect atelectasis though aspiration or pneumonia are also within the differential given the clinical history
    A: Streaky opacities at lung bases likely reflect atelectasis. Streaky opacities within the lung bases likely reflect bibasilar atelectasis
    A: Considering inferior displacement of left hilum , this is probably due to atelectasis , aspiration and developing pneumonia are also possible
    A: There is improved aeration of both lung bases with residual patchy opacities which may reflect residual atelectasis , acute pneumonia cannot be excluded
    A: Recommend followup chest radiograph in six weeks to evaluate for resolution , particularly because of the possibility that atelectasis is due to concurrent bronchial obstruction
    A: There is increasing opacification at the right base most likely consistent with atelectasis and effusion. The left lung is relatively clear with probably some mild atelectatic changes at the base
    A: There is some obscuration of the left hemidiaphragm , which could be due to atelectasis , underlying left base retrocardiac consolidation may be present. Aside from minor right basilar atelectasis , the right lung is clear
    A: Cardiac silhouette is moderately enlarged , Appearanec is exaggerated by mediastinal lipomatosis and chronic right middle lobe atelectasis. Possible congestive heart failure , appearance is exaggerated by mediastinal lipomatosis and chronic right middle lobe atelectasis


13) edema?:

    A: No pulmonary edema
    A: No overt pulmonary edema
    A: There is no pulmonary edema
    A: Mild pulmonary edema is unchanged
    A: There is no overt pulmonary edema
    A: There is no consolidation , effusion , or edema
    A: Mild fluid overload but no overt pulmonary edema
    A: The prior chest x-ray of showed asymmetric pulmonary edema
    A: Borderline size of the cardiac silhouette without pulmonary edema
    A: Subtle interstitial edema is new from prior. Subtle interstitial edema
    A: Borderline size of the cardiac silhouette without evidence of pulmonary edema
    A: No focal consolidation , pleural effusion , pneumothorax , or pulmonary edema is seen
    A: Perisitent left greater than right pleural effusions not significantly changed and mild edema
    A: Minimal atelectasis at the left lung bases with mild cardiomegaly but without overt pulmonary edema
    A: This could have been either atelectasis , recent aspiration or early dependent edema. There is no pulmonary edema
    A: There is no substantial interval change of bilateral perihilar opacities concerning for interstitial pulmonary edema
    A: the areas of ill-defined opacity in the right lung have somewhat improved , which likely reflects resolving superimposed interstitial edema
    A: Low lung volumes exaggerates persistent distension of mediastinal veins and upper lobe pulmonary vasculature , moderate cardiomegaly , there is no pulmonary edema
    A: There is new bilateral hilar fullness with vascular engorgement including indistinct margins , most consistent with mild to moderate pulmonary edema. Findings consistent with pulmonary edema
    A: Increased bibasilar interstitial prominence could represent early pulmonary edema or interstitial lung disease , amiodarone toxicity could have this appearance. Bibasilar interstitial prominence could represent early pulmonary edema or interstitial lung disease , including amiodarone toxicity


14) pulmonary hila?:

    A: Hilar contours are normal
    A: Normal hilar and mediastinal structures
    A: Mediastinal and hilar contours are normal
    A: The mediastinal and hilar contours are normal
    A: The mediastinal and hilar contours are similar
    A: Mediastinal and hilar contours are unremarkable
    A: The mediastinal and hilar contours appear normal
    A: The cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are normal
    A: The cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are normal
    A: Cardiac , mediastinal and hilar contours are normal
    A: The cardiac , mediastinal , hilar contours are stable
    A: The cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are unremarkable
    A: Normal heart , lungs , hila , mediastinum , pleural surfaces
    A: Normal heart , lungs , hila , mediastinum and pleural surfaces
    A: The hilar and cardiomediastinal contours are unchanged from prior study
    A: The cardiomediastinal silhouette , hilar contours , pleural surfaces are normal
    A: Hilar contours are grossly stable , with possible minimal central pulmonary vascular engorgement
    A: Clips project over the right hilar region , Right apical and right basilar chest tubes appear in unchanged positions
    A: There is intra thoracic lymphadenopathy particularly in the lower right paratracheal and bilateral hilar nodes which correlate with findings of chest CT
    A: BILATERAL PERIHILAR VASCULAR ENLARGEMENT IS PRESENT AS WELL AS BIBASILAR OPACITIES , MOST LIKELY REFLECTING PULMONARY EDEMA , ALTERNATIVELY BIBASAL ASPIRATIONS OR INFECTIOUS PROCESS IS A POSSIBILITY


15) pulmonary vascularity?:

    A: Pulmonary vascularity is normal
    A: The pulmonary vasculature is normal
    A: The pulmonary vasculature is normal
    A: Pulmonary vasculature is unremarkable
    A: The pulmonary vasculature is not engorged
    A: No vascular congestion or pleural effusion
    A: Prominent pulmonary vasculature is similar to before
    A: No significant change in the pulmonary vascular congestion
    A: severe cardiomegaly and pulmonary vascular engorgement have increased
    A: Mild pulmonary vascular congestion and bibasilar atelectasis appear unchanged
    A: There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion and the pulmonary vascularity is normal
    A: Lung volumes are low with crowding of the vasculature but no pulmonary edema is appreciated
    A: Pulmonary vascularity is essentially normal and there is no evidence of acute focal pneumonia
    A: there is again substantial enlargement of the cardiac silhouette without appreciable vascular congestion
    A: There is mild pulmonary vascular congestion. Mild pulmonary vascular congestion and small bilateral pleural effusions
    A: There is minimal upper zone redistribution , mild peribronchial cuffing , some residual confluent opacity at the right lung base
    A: There is pulmonary vascular congestion and minimal interstitial pulmonary edema. Pulmonary vascular congestion and minimal interstitial edema
    A: Again there is substantial enlargement of the cardiac silhouette with evidence of pulmonary vascular congestion with asymmetric edema , more prominent on the right
    A: The pulmonary vasculature is normal. Fullness of the aortic pulmonary window , probably related to prominent vascular structures , lymphadenopathy is an additional consideration in the setting of hoarseness
    A: Vascular congestion is accompanied by bilateral reticular opacities in the mid and lower lungs as well as superimposed heterogenous consolidatin in the right mid and lower lung. Cardiomegaly with pulmonary vascular congestion


16) pneumonia?:

    A: No pneumonia
    A: No evidence of pneumonia
    A: No evidence of pneumonia
    A: No pneumonia , edema , or effusion
    A: No focal consolidation to suggest pneumonia
    A: No evidence of empyema or acute focal pneumonia
    A: There is no new consolidation concerning for pneumonia
    A: Observed findings are consistent with multilobar pneumonia
    A: There is no overt pulmonary edema or definite signs of pneumonia
    A: In the appropriate clinical setting , pneumonia would have to be considered
    A: This could represent CHF , underlying pneumonic infiltrates cannot be excluded
    A: in the appropriate clinical setting it would be difficult to exclude superimposed pneumonia
    A: There is no evidence of pneumonia or pulmonary edema. No evidence of pneumonia or pulmonary edema
    A: The heart is normal in size and there is no vascular congestion , pleural effusion , or acute focal pneumonia
    A: The cardiac silhouette is normal and there is no evidence of acute pneumonia , vascular congestion , or pleural effusion
    A: There is more confluent airspace opacity in the left - suprahilar regions including involving the left upper lung worrisome for pneumonia
    A: In the appropriate clinical setting , it would be very difficult to exclude superimposed pneumonia , especially in the absence of a lateral view
    A: Bibasilar pneumonia , severe on the right , accompanied by moderate right and small left pleural effusion worsened substantially on and have not improved subsequently
    A: Increased right lower lung opacities are likely a combination of pneumonia and dependent pulmonary edema. Increased , now mild , pulmonary edema and a right lower lobe consolidation concerning for pneumonia
    A: There are bilateral ill-defined opacities , more confluent in the right lower lobe , which may represent widespread pneumonia versus mild asymmetrical pulmonary edema. Bilateral parenchymal opacities may represent mild pulmonary edema versus widespread pneumonia


17) cardiomegaly?:

    A: Cardiomegaly
    A: Cardiomegaly is mild
    A: Moderate cardiomegaly
    A: Mild cardiomegaly persists
    A: Mild cardiomegaly is stable
    A: Borderline cardiomegaly stable
    A: Moderate cardiomegaly is stable
    A: Moderate cardiomegaly is a stable
    A: Mild to moderate cardiomegaly is stable
    A: Mild cardiomegaly without pulmonary edema
    A: Mild cardiomegaly is stable from the prior exam
    A: Moderate cardiomegaly with mild fluid overload persists
    A: Cardiomegaly is accompanied by mild pulmonary vascular congestion
    A: Severe cardiomegaly persists , signs of mild fluid overload are present
    A: Moderate cardiomegaly is stable. Cardiomegaly is again noted. Cardiomegaly unchanged
    A: Severe cardiomegaly and moderate-to-severe left lower lobe atelectasis have both worsened
    A: Moderate cardiomegaly is probably comparable , borderline pulmonary vascular engorgement is stable
    A: Moderate pulmonary edema with moderate cardiomegaly , moderate left pleural effusion and small right pleural effusion
    A: Moderate cardiomegaly and mild pulmonary edema are similar to the prior study. Unchanged mild pulmonary edema and cardiomegaly
    A: Moderate cardiomegaly is increased compared to the previous chest radiograph , partially accentuated by slightly low lung volumes. Moderate cardiomegaly , increased in size from the prior study


18) surgery?:

    A: Evidence of previous CABG
    A: Median sternotomy wires are noted
    A: Median sternotomy wires are again noted
    A: No evidence of post procedure pneumothorax
    A: The patient is status post median sternotomy
    A: Again seen are multiple median sternotomy wires
    A: Tracheostomy tube tip is NUMBER cm above the carina
    A: Replace mitral valve/ low plasty is in unchanged position
    A: The patient is status post sternotomy , with prosthetic valve
    A: The patient is status post median sternotomy with prosthetic valve
    A: Postoperative widening of the cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable
    A: Scarring and fiducial marker in the right upper lobe is from prior resection
    A: There is a stable right upper lobe opacity consistent with right upper lobectomy
    A: The patient is status post revision sternotomy. Status post revision median sternotomy
    A: there has been removal of bilateral thoracostomy tubes. The patient is status post sternotomy
    A: Mild to moderate enlargement postoperative cardiomediastinal silhouette , compared to preoperative cardiac
    A: cardiomediastinal contours are stable in appearance this patient status post median sternotomy and aortic valve replacement
    A: Evidence of previous right lung surgery with chain sutures and elevation of the right hemidiaphragm with blunting of the costophrenic angle
    A: Dense consolidation in the right mid lung has partially cleared , likely represents resolving hemorrhage as reported following the patient's recent procedure
    A: The patient is status post mediastinoscopy and right thoracotomy for a bright juxtahilar mass with appropriate post-surgical changes including chain sutures , scarring and thoracotomy bony defects. Surgical clips are seen overlying the right eighth and ninth posterior ribs. The postoperative right lung is not fully expanded. Appropriate post-surgical changes in the right juxtahilar position status post right upper lobectomy


19) diaphragm?:

    A: No free air under the diaphragm
    A: No free air below the right hemidiaphragm
    A: The right hemidiaphragm is now sharply seen
    A: NG tube tip is out of view below the diaphragm
    A: No free air below the right hemidiaphragm is seen
    A: No free air below the right hemidiaphragm is seen
    A: No free air below the right hemidiaphragm is seen
    A: Elevation of the left hemidiaphragm appears similar
    A: There is no evidence of pneumoperitoneum under the diaphragm
    A: No free air is underneath the diaphragm. No free air underneath diaphragm
    A: Elevation of the left hemidiaphragm with an air distended stomach is again noted
    A: An orogastric tube courses below the diaphragm , tip is not included in this examination
    A: A transesophageal tube courses below the level of diaphragm in ends in the proximal stomach
    A: Severe emphysema with widened AP diameter , hyperinflated lungs and flattened diaphragms is unchanged
    A: Mediastinal or subphrenic fat transmitted through an incomplete diaphragm should not be mistaken for lung abnormality
    A: There is elevation of the right hemidiaphragmatic contour without vascular congestion , pleural effusion , or acute focal pneumonia
    A: Continued opacification the left base silhouetting the hemidiaphragm , most likely reflecting volume loss left lower lobe pleural fluid
    A: Increased density projecting below the left hemidiaphragm likely relates to significant splenomegaly evident on CT , No osseous abnormality identified
    A: An enteric tube courses below the diaphragm with the tip in the stomach. A feeding Dobhoff tube courses below the diaphragm with the tip out of the field of view in the postpyloric position within the jejunum
    A: The lungs are hyperinflated and the diaphragms are flattened , consistent with COPD. The density in the right cardiophrenic region is thought to represent a portion of eventrated diaphragm with underlying herniated liver (see CT )


20) thoracic aorta?:

    A: The aorta is tortuous
    A: The aorta is tortuous
    A: The aorta remains tortuous
    A: The aorta is mildly tortuous
    A: The aorta is extensively calcified
    A: The aorta is calcified and tortuous
    A: Mild elongation of the descending aorta
    A: Aorta is tortuous and diffusely calcified
    A: Unchanged mild enlargement of the aortic arch
    A: Mild cardiomegaly and tortuous aorta are stable
    A: There is severe cardiomegaly and tortuosity of the aorta
    A: There is mild unfolding and calcification along the aorta
    A: Atherosclerotic calcifications are demonstrated at the aortic knob
    A: There is enlargement of the cardiac silhouette with tortuosity of the aorta
    A: Normal appearance of the cardiac silhouette , mild tortuosity of the thoracic aorta
    A: The mediastinal contour is unchanged with tortuosity of the thoracic aorta again noted
    A: There is unchanged appearance of the mediastinum with no new prominence of the ascending aorta
    A: Cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are otherwise stable with atherosclerotic calcifications noted at the aortic arch
    A: Again there is hyperexpansion of the lungs consistent with chronic pulmonary disease and some tortuosity of the thoracic aorta
    A: A large bore left internal jugular catheter projects over the aortic knob , because of leftward patient rotation and the meandering course of the left brachiocephalic vein in elderly patients


21) vena cava?:

    A: Right PICC ends in the mid SVC
    A: Right PIC line ends in the upper SVC
    A: Left PICC terminates in the distal SVC
    A: Left subclavian line tip is at the mid SVC
    A: Right jugular line ends the origin of the SVC
    A: Central catheter tip is in the mid to lower SVC
    A: A right internal jugular line ends in the upper SVC
    A: A right Port-A-Cath is unchanged ending in the low SVC
    A: Right-sided central line seen with the tip in the mid SVC
    A: Right IJ catheter tip extends to the mid portion of the SVC
    A: Right-sided central venous line again terminates in the mid SVC
    A: Central catheter tip again extends to the lower portion of the SVC
    A: The right subclavian PICC line is in place and has its tip in the mid SVC
    A: The right subclavian PICC line tip lies slightly higher , over the distal SVC
    A: Again seen is a drain at the right base and a PICC line with tip over distalmost SVC
    A: The new right PICC tip terminates in the lower SVC. Tip of the right PICC terminates in lower SVC
    A: Swan-Ganz catheter is been replaced by a right IJ sheath that extends to the mid portion of the SVC
    A: Feeding tube enters into the stomach and left subclavian line terminates at the level of lower SVC/cavoatrial junction
    A: the left subclavian PICC line has been pulled back to about the junction of the left brachiocephalic vein and the superior vena cava
    A: Right internal jugular line tip is at the level of mid SVC. The right internal jugular line tip is at the level of mid SVC. The right PICC line tip is at the level of mid SVC


22) stomach?:

    A: NG TUBE TIP IS IN THE STOMACH
    A: NG tube tip is in the stomach
    A: Nasogastric tube ends in the stomach
    A: Nasogastric tube tip is in the stomach
    A: Enteric tube tip in seen at the gastric fundus
    A: Esophageal drainage tube ends in the upper stomach
    A: there is a mildly increasing overinflation of the stomach
    A: Enteric tube extends to the stomach , the tip is not visualized
    A: Dobbhoff tube enters into proximal stomach with tip facing cephalad
    A: there has been an insertion of the NG tube terminating in the stomach
    A: Feeding tube with a wire stylet in place passes into the stomach and out of view
    A: Moderate gastric distention is present within the imaged portion of the upper abdomen
    A: A nasogastric tube is seen coursing below the diaphragm with the tip coiled within the stomach
    A: Nasogastric tube extends at least to the upper stomach where it crosses the lower margin of the image
    A: The NG tube continues to be in the very proximal stomach with the side hole being at the level of the hiatus
    A: The course of the catheter is unremarkable , the tip of the catheter projects over the proximal parts of the stomach
    A: It identifies well the Dobbhoff line , the terminal portion of which is clearly located in the mid portion of the corpus of the stomach
    A: The radiopaque tip of the Dobbhoff tube could still lie within the stomach. Radiopaque tip of Dobbhoff tube most likely still lies within the stomach
    A: An ET tube and right IJ central venous line are in appropriate position , the gastric tube ends in the body of stomach. Gastric tube ends in the body of stomach
    A: An enteric tube terminates within the stomach with its side hole terminating in the region of the GE junction. Enteric tube terminates within the stomach and could be advanced 3-4 cm for ideal positioning


23) trachea?:

    A: New trachea
    A: Indentation of the cervical trachea is mild
    A: Endotracheal tube terminates 4 cm from the carina
    A: endotracheal tube , nasogastric tube have been removed
    A: Endotracheal tube tip lies about NUMBER cm above the carina
    A: nasogastric tubes have study of , the endotracheal been removed
    A: The endotracheal tube and nasogastric tube are in unchanged position
    A: Endotracheal tube has its tip approximately NUMBER to 5 cm above the carina
    A: Clips are again seen in the superior mediastinum , to the left of the trachea
    A: An endotracheal tube is in place with its tip approximately NUMBER cm above the carina
    A: The endotracheal tube is seen with its tip residing approximately NUMBER cm above the carina
    A: Endotracheal tube has been re-positioned , tip now NUMBER cm above carina in standard placement
    A: Rightward tracheal deviation in the neck is due to adenopathy present on CTA , not noted in the report
    A: The endotracheal tube should be advanced by approximately 3-4 cm as it is located very high up in the trachea
    A: Prior studies demonstrate extensive lower lobe bronchiectasis as well as evidence of substantial tracheal diverticulosis
    A: The upper trachea is deviated toward the right with fullness of the left superior mediastinum compatible with known goiter
    A: Tip of the endotracheal tube at the thoracic inlet is no less than NUMBER cm from the carina and should be advanced 2 cm for more secured seating
    A: The patient has been intubated , the tip of the endotracheal tube is 4 cm above the level the carina. The endotracheal tube is in appropriate position
    A: There is again soft tissue prominence posterior to the trachea on the lateral view no , slightly less than the study of , substantially more from the preoperative study of
    A: There is otherwise no significant interval change compared to exam from nine hours earlier with persistent bilateral small effusions , atelectasis , subcutaneous emphysema at the neck , appropriate placement of an NG tube , left central venous catheter , endotracheal tube and left chest tube


24) interstitial lung disease?:

    A: Interstitial edema and small right effusion
    A: Unchanged cardiomegaly and interstitial edema
    A: Linear opacities in both lungs are atelectasis or scarring
    A: there are increased interstitial markings and vascular engorgement
    A: Moderate interstitial edema has developed. Moderate interstitial pulmonary edema
    A: Underlying coarse interstitial markings likely reflects interstitial lung disease
    A: Changes in the perihilar regions of the lungs bilaterally suggesting underlying scarring
    A: previous exam there is increased interstitial marking compatible with moderate interstitial edema
    A: There is mild prominence of the pulmonary interstitial markings and may reflect minimal pulmonary edema
    A: There is prominence of interstitial markings and perihilar engorgement consistent with mild pulmonary edema
    A: Mild interstitial edema has not significantly changed. Mild interstitial edema and left apical pneumothorax are stable
    A: There is mild interstitial pulmonary edema. Unchanged moderate cardiomegaly with mild interstitial edema and basilar atelectasis
    A: there is increased prominence of the interstitial markings. Increased interstitial markings which most likely represents mild pulmonary edema
    A: There is moderate pulmonary vascular congestion and moderate to severe interstitial edema. Moderate interstitial edema and large right pleural effusion
    A: MILD INTERSTITIAL ABNORMALITY CAN BE REFLECTION OF PRIOR EPISODES OF PULMONARY EDEMA OR , IN THE APPROPRIATE CLINICAL CIRCUMSTANCES , CIGARETTE SMOKING OR ASTHMA
    A: There is a moderate amount of interstitial pulmonary edema , which has increased in comparison to the prior chest radiograph. Moderate interstitial pulmonary edema , increased
    A: Increased interstitial opacities are seen with indistinct pulmonary vasculature , consistent mild pulmonary edema. Bilateral interstitial opacities may reflect recurrent interstitial edema
    A: Linear opacity at the right lung base is felt to relate to atelectasis or scarring likely within the right middle lobe. Linear opacity at the right lung base likely relates to atelectasis or scarring , rather than pneumonia
    A: Lungs are otherwise remarkable for a persistent area of poorly defined opacity anteriorly in the right middle lobe projecting in the retrosternal area on the lateral view , corresponding to an area of apparent scarring on chest CTA
    A: There is an increase in interstitial markings in a predominantly peripheral and basilar distribution consistent with known chronic interstitial lung disease which was previously presumed to reflect nonspecific interstitial pneumonia. Progression of chronic interstitial lung disease


25) calcification?:

    A: The aortic knob is calcified
    A: There is a calcified aortic arch
    A: The aorta is calcified and tortuous
    A: The aorta is tortuous and calcified
    A: Calcification of the aortic arch is noted
    A: The aorta demonstrates diffuse calcifications
    A: Capsular calcification of the right breast implant
    A: The aorta is mildly tortuous and diffusely calcified
    A: Atherosclerotic calcifications noted at the aortic arch
    A: Large areas of heavy pleural calcification obscure both lungs
    A: There is a small amount of calcification in the innominate vein
    A: Aortic valve replacement and mitral annular calcifications are noted
    A: Atherosclerotic calcifications are noted predominately about the aortic arch
    A: Aortic calcifications and mild scoliosis noted without additional bony abnormality
    A: Two stable calcifications likely representing granulomatous disease are noted on the right
    A: Moderate cardiomegaly with tortuosity of the thoracic aorta and calcification of the wall of the aortic arch
    A: Aortic arch calcifications are again seen. Tracheal and bronchial tree calcifications are consistent with age-related change
    A: Unchanged postoperative appearance of the mediastinum with a tortuous thoracic aorta with mural atherosclerotic calcifications
    A: The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are stable with the aorta calcified and tortuous the cardiac silhouette mildly enlarged. There is aortic valve calcification
    A: The extensive calcified pleural plaques are present , consistent with prior asbestos exposure in accompanied by subtle interstitial lung abnormalities suggesting possible asbestosis as


26) apical zone?:

    A: Left apical bulla is stable
    A: Tiny left apical pneumothorax persists
    A: A small right apical pneumothorax persists
    A: Apical pleural thickening bilaterally is stable
    A: The apical parts of the lungs are not completely imaged
    A: No left apical pneumothorax is seen. No left apical pneumothorax
    A: There is little overall change in the small left apical pneumothorax
    A: There is a small right apical pneumothorax. Small right apical pneumothorax
    A: Left chest tube projects at the apex with small pneumothorax measuring 16 mm
    A: No appreciable pneumothorax or pleural effusion , left apical pleural drain in place
    A: Opacity in the right apex is unchanged and most likely reflects loculated pleural effusion
    A: The appearance of the right lung is grossly stable noting apical opacity likely due to prior radiation
    A: There has been interval decrease in the right apical pneumothorax. Interval decrease in right apical pneumothorax
    A: There is no evidence of new acute pulmonary parenchymal infiltrates and no pneumothorax is seen in the apical area
    A: In the left lung apex , a new area of scarring , projecting over the anterior portions of the second rib , No pleural effusions
    A: Tiny left apical pneumothorax has decreased from prior. Surgical chain and adjacent post-operative opacities in the left apex are again noted
    A: A nodular opacity overlying the right lung apex likely represent summation of rib shadows. Right apical nodular opacity likely represents summation of rib shadows
    A: There is a small to moderate right apical pneumothorax which has not changed since recent outside exam. No significant interval change of small to moderate right apical pneumothorax
    A: There is also persistent apical pleural thickening on the left with resolution of the prevously seen left base opacity and resolution of left pleural effusion , consistent with changes status post left upper lobectomy
    A: A cluster of calcifications in the right lung apex posteriorly appear similar to the prior chest radiograph. Stable CT appearance of clustered calcifications at the right apex which have been present since a CT neck of and are likely the sequela of a previous infectious or inflammatory process in this region


27) fractures?:

    A: No definite fracture
    A: No displaced fracture is seen
    A: No displaced rib fracture is seen
    A: No displaced rib fracture is seen
    A: There are multiple left rib fractures
    A: Remote left-sided rib fracture is present
    A: There are multiple old left-sided rib fractures
    A: Multiple old healed fractures are noted on the right
    A: There are multiple displaced rib fractures on the left
    A: Again seen are fractures of the right first and second ribs
    A: Compression deformity of a mid thoracic vertebral body is also noted
    A: Dense aortic calcifications and an old right rib fracture are again noted
    A: Right mid lung pulmonary contusion and adjacent right rib fractures are similar to prior
    A: Mild mid thoracic dextroscoliosis is noted as well as a chronic right mid clavicular fracture
    A: A large apparent lung nodule at the upper pole of the right hilus could be a healed rib fracture instead
    A: multiple healing rib fractures are present , primarily along the posterolateral aspect of the right thoracic rib cage
    A: Posterior spinal fixation hardware is noted along the lower thoracic spine with re- demonstration of multiple compression deformities
    A: Multifocal opacities in the right mid and lower lung show interval partial clearing and likely represent resolving contusion in the setting of right-sided rib fractures
    A: Left clavicular fracture is better assessed on dedicated clavicle radiographs. Left scapular fracture and lateral and posterolateral partially displaced left-sided rib fractures are redemonstrated
    A: Comminuted fracture of the distal left clavicle and widening of the coracoclavicular interval is partially imaged and better evaluated on the same day dedicated shoulder examination. Left clavicular fracture and widening of the coracoclavicular interval is better appreciated on separate same day dedicated study


28) infection?:

    A: Superimposed infectious process
    A: No evidence of active or latent tuberculosis infection
    A: There is also basal opacity concerning for infectious process
    A: This is likely atelectasis , superimposed infection cannot be excluded
    A: Left lung base opacity which may represent atelectasis or focal infectious pneumonia
    A: in the correct clinical context , the possibility of an atypical infection is also raised
    A: Moderate left pleural effusion with underlying atelectasis noting infection would also be possible
    A: Right basilar opacity likely reflects compressive atelectasis though infection cannot be completely excluded
    A: The findings on this single chest view are normal and thus there is no radiographic evidence of acute infection
    A: Increased left base and retrocardia opacities could represent an early infectious process in the appropriate clinical setting
    A: Bibasilar opacities appear minimally increased from the prior examination in concerning for possible infection or recurrent aspiration
    A: Bibasilar opacities are seen which may relate to aspiration and /or infection. Bibasilar opacities may relate to aspiration and /or infection
    A: not resolving infection cannot be excluded and wheezing the upper lobe predisposition , mycobacterial tuberculosis infection , cannot be entirely excluded
    A: Faint retrocardiac opacity noted on frontal view likely represents atelectasis or scarring , though cannot entirely exclude infection in the appropriate clinical setting
    A: There are new areas of patchy opacity in the left mid to lower lung , raising concern for infection. Areas of patchy opacity in the left mid to lower lung raises concern for infection
    A: Patchy retrocardiac opacity may reflect atelectasis though infection or aspiration cannot be excluded. Retrocardiac opacity may reflect atelectasis though infection or aspiration cannot be excluded
    A: A left base opacity is seen which may represent edema or possibly infection. Left base opacity which may represent edema or infection , will require followup imaging as pulmonary edema resolves to rule out infection
    A: Streaky opacities are noted within the lung bases , potentially atelectasis though infection or aspiration cannot be completely excluded. Bibasilar streaky opacities , likely atelectasis though infection or aspiration cannot be excluded
    A: There is slight increase in opacity left lung bases may be due to atelectasis but consolidation due to infection or aspiration not excluded. Slight increase in opacity at the left lung base may be due to atelectasis , consolidation due to infection or aspiration not excluded
    A: right lower lobe superior segment consolidation has substantially resolved , right juxtahilar ill-defined opacity is more conspicuous than before , which either suggests an unresolved/progressed infective focus or may represent malignancy. right lower lobe superior segment consolidation has substantially improved , right juxtahilar ill-defined opacity is more prominent reflecting progressed/unresolved infective focus or juxtahilar malignancy


29) carina?:

    A: The tip is NUMBER cm above the carina
    A: ET tube tip is NUMBER cm above the carina
    A: The ET tube tip is NUMBER cm above the carina
    A: Endotracheal tube has its tip 4 cm above the carina
    A: The tip of the tube projects NUMBER cm above the Carina
    A: An endotracheal tube has its tip NUMBER cm above the carina
    A: an ET tube is present , tip approximately NUMBER cm above carina
    A: An ET tube is present , tip approximately NUMBER cm above the carina
    A: ET tube has been advanced , tip now no more than 15 mm from the carina
    A: the tip of the endotracheal tube lies approximately NUMBER cm above the carina
    A: The tip of the endotracheal tube measures approximately NUMBER cm above the carina
    A: The tip of the endotracheal tube continues to project approximately 6 cm above the carina
    A: An ET tube is present , tip in satisfactory position approximately NUMBER cm above the carina
    A: there has been placement of a endotracheal tube with its tip approximately NUMBER cm above the carina
    A: Portable AP chest radiograph to demonstrate the ET tube terminating approximately 5 cm above the carina
    A: Tip of the endotracheal tube is above the upper margin of the clavicles , no less than NUMBER cm from the carina
    A: The tip of the newly introduced endotracheal tube is 12 mm above the carina and could be pulled back by approximately 1-2 cm
    A: ET tube terminates NUMBER cm above the carina. ET tube terminates NUMBER cm above the carina and should be pulled back additional 1-2 cm
    A: Frontal radiograph of the chest demonstrates a new fiducial marker positioned below the level of the carina. Fiducial marker in place below the level of the carina
    A: Given the degree of rotated positioning , the conventional ET tube/carina relationship is not demonstrated. the tip of the ET tube appears to lie NUMBER cm above the carina and NUMBER cm above the superior edge of the medial clavicular heads , relatively high. ET tube lies NUMBER cm above the carina and NUMBER cm above the superior edge of the medial clavicular heads , relatively high


30) lung parenchyma?:

    A: No new parenchymal opacities
    A: No new focal parenchymal opacities
    A: Normal appearance of the lung parenchyma
    A: No newly appeared focal parenchymal opacities
    A: Acute parenchymal infiltrates cannot be identified
    A: with widespread severe parenchymal abnormalities in both lungs
    A: Nonspecific biapical pleural parenchymal scarring appears unchanged
    A: No new focal parenchymal opacities , notably non suggesting pneumonia
    A: Normal appearance of the lung parenchyma , normal size of the cardiac silhouette
    A: No focal parenchymal opacities suggesting pneumonia or another parenchymal disease
    A: Constant appearance of the bilateral pleural effusions and of the known parenchymal opacities
    A: New bilateral parenchymal opacities at the lung bases , the symmetry of which suggests atelectasis
    A: there is no evidence of an increasing parenchymal abnormality , making the presence of pneumonia unlikely
    A: Increasing right basal parenchymal opacity , as a consequence of a newly developed small right pleural effusion
    A: there is a new right basal , combined middle and lower lobe parenchymal opacity with ill-defined margins and air bronchograms
    A: Also increased are bilateral areas of atelectasis and additional parenchymal opacities that could reflect pneumonia or aspiration
    A: No change in extent and severity of the right upper lobe and left basal as well as a right basal parenchymal opacities. No new parenchymal opacities
    A: Minimal improvement of the consolidation , likely reflecting a parenchymal opacity combines to a small pleural effusion at the level of the left lung base
    A: Unchanged minimal bilateral pleural effusions and moderate cardiomegaly as well as retrocardiac atelectasis , the remaining lung parenchyma , including minimal fibrotic changes at the right lung apex is also constant
    A: The extensive parenchymal density occupying major portion of the left upper lobe and mid lung field on this portable chest examination remains rather unchanged in comparison with the next preceding examination obtained 10 hours earlier


31) ribs?:

    A: No acute rib fractures are seen
    A: No displaced rib fracture identified
    A: Right-sided rib fractures are again seen
    A: Chronic left lateral rib fractures are noted
    A: Posterior right sixth rib fracture is identified
    A: Posterior right seventh rib fracture is well-healed
    A: Severe scoliosis with subsequent asymmetry of the ribcage
    A: There is a stable well-healed right-sided fourth rib fracture
    A: Multiple old healed anterior right rib fractures are again noted
    A: Left rib fractures , are not evaluated by this conventional chest radiograph
    A: If there is continued concern for a rib fracture , consider a dedicated rib series
    A: FINAL ADDENDUM ADDENDUM Right apical opacity overlying the anterior ribs may represent scarring
    A: A small linear scar in the right upper lobe , projecting over the posterior aspect of the sixth right rib
    A: Mildly displaced right-sided lower rib fractures are unchanged. Known mildly displaced right-sided rib fractures
    A: No rib fracture is detected on these lung-technique films. 2) No displaced rib fracture identified on these lung technique films
    A: Displaced fractures are identified at left fourth and fifth ribs laterally. Displaced fractures at left fourth and fifth ribs are identified
    A: two views of the right rib demonstrate no rib fractures , right shoulder fracture , or right humerus fracture. No rib , right shoulder , or right humerus fractures
    A: Redemonstrated are multiple right-sided rib fractures , some of which are segmental and consistent with a flail chest. Multiple contiguous right-sided rib fractures , suggestive of flail chest
    A: Questionable nodular opacity at the lower mid portion of the right lung is demonstrated , projecting over the posterior aspect of the eighth rib , might reflect developing infection or resolving infectious process
    A: Multiple old right-sided rib fractures are re- demonstrated. No definite acute rib fracture identified , clinical concern is high , chest CT is more sensitive. Old right-sided rib fractures. No definite new rib fracture seen , if clinical concern is high , CT is more sensitive


32) prominence?:

    A: Heart is enlarged , mildly more prominent
    A: Cardiomediastinal silhouette is stably prominent
    A: The cardiomediastinal silhouette is slightly prominent
    A: Relative prominence of the hila may reflect hypoventilatory status
    A: Pulmonary vasculature is less prominent , there is no evidence of edema
    A: Substantial pleural effusions are seen bilaterally , more prominent on the left
    A: The cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are stable with prominent epicardial fat pads
    A: There is mild prominence of the central hilar vasculature reflecting mild pulmonary edema
    A: Increased prominence of bronchovascular structures is likely related to decreased lung volumes
    A: Mild hilar prominence and mild cardiomegaly are stable. Stable mild hilar prominence and mild cardiomegaly
    A: there is substantial enlargement of the cardiac silhouette that appears more prominent than on the prior study
    A: There is some prominence of central vessels , raising the possibility of some elevated pulmonary venous pressure
    A: A prominent pericardial fat pad is present , otherwise aside from patchy bibasilar atelectasis , the lungs appear clear
    A: There is mild diffuse interstitial prominence. Mild interstitial prominence , which could be secondary to a viral or atypical infection
    A: The aorta is unfolded , contributing to prominence of the mediastinal silhouette. The hila are also slightly prominent , with a tapered appearance
    A: Mild prominence of the interstitial markings is grossly stable as compared to the prior study , which may be due to chronic underlying lung disease
    A: There is slight prominence of the pulmonary vasculature , which may be due to mild pulmonary vascular congestion in conjunction with relatively low lung volumes
    A: Again seen is hyperinflation , denser opacity in the right upper zone and prominence of the hila , with extensive background bullous change and increased interstitial markings
    A: Lung volumes are low exaggerating prominence of the cardiac silhouette and vascular crowding , compared to prior exam there is haziness of the pulmonary vasculature suggestive of a component of pulmonary edema
    A: Cardiomediastinal silhouette is prominent. On the right , there is diffuse prominence of vascular markings , consistent with CHF , though this is likely accentuated by supine position and lower lung volume on the right. 3) Prominence of the vessels and of the left hilum , suggesting CHF , though likely accentuated by supine positioning


33) tortuosity?:

    A: The aorta is tortuous
    A: The aorta is tortuous
    A: The aorta is tortuous
    A: The aorta is mildly tortuous
    A: Aortic tortuosity is unchanged
    A: There is tortuosity of the aorta
    A: The aorta is calcified and tortuous
    A: Mild tortuosity of the thoracic aorta
    A: There is tortuosity of the thoracic aorta
    A: The aorta is mildly calcified and tortuous
    A: The thoracic aorta is tortuous and /or ectatic
    A: Slightly tortuous descending thoracic aorta is noted
    A: Moderate cardiomegaly with tortuosity of the thoracic aorta
    A: Right upper paramediastinal opacity could be due to tortuous vessels
    A: The aorta is tortuous and potentially dilated at the level of the diaphragm
    A: The aorta is mildly tortuous and demonstrates diffuse mild mural calcifications
    A: The cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are stable , with a mildly tortuous thoracic aorta
    A: The aorta remains tortuous and the remainder of the mediastinal and hilar contours are unremarkable
    A: The cardiac silhouette is minimally increased in size compared to with redemonstration of a mildly tortuous thoracic aorta
    A: Stable moderatly enlarged heart with an enlarged tortuous aorta without pericardial effusion. Stable moderately enlarged heart with enlarged tortuous aorta


34) free air?:

    A: No subdiaphragmatic free air
    A: There is no evidence of free air
    A: No free air below the right hemidiaphragm
    A: No free air below the right hemidiaphragm
    A: No free air below the right hemidiaphragm
    A: No free air below the right hemidiaphragm
    A: No free air below the right hemidiaphragm
    A: No free air below the right hemidiaphragm is seen
    A: No free air below the right hemidiaphragm is seen
    A: No free air below the right hemidiaphragm is seen
    A: No free air below the right hemidiaphragm is seen
    A: No free air below the right hemidiaphragm is seen
    A: No free air below the right hemidiaphragm is seen
    A: No free air below the right hemidiaphragm is seen
    A: There is no free air under the right hemidiaphragm
    A: There is no free air beneath the right hemidiaphragm
    A: The amount of the known free intra-abdominal air is also constant
    A: No free air seen below the right hemidiaphragm. No free air below the right hemidiaphragm
    A: No evidence of free air is seen beneath the diaphragms. No free air seen beneath the diaphragms
    A: Small , luncent areas interspersed within residual fluid and tiny air at apex is like small pneumothorax , post procedure related


35) fluid?:

    A: Mild to moderate fluid overload
    A: The degree of pleural fluid has decreased
    A: Moderate cardiomegaly with mild fluid overload
    A: Fluid is now seen within the minor fissure as well
    A: There also is unchanged evidence of minimal fluid overload
    A: Pleural fluid appears to be loculated along the right chest wall
    A: There is blunting of both CP angles , which may represent pleural fluid
    A: there is new air in the right pleural space which is otherwise largely fluid filled
    A: Unchanged minimal right pleural effusion , mild fluid overload but no overt pulmonary edema
    A: Small amount of pleural effusion is most likely present , no overt fluid in the fissure is seen
    A: There is moderate cardiomegaly with signs of mild fluid overload and tortuosity of the thoracic aorta
    A: The hemidiaphragms are more sharply seen , consistent with decreasing pleural fluid and basilar atelectasis
    A: There has been improvement of the left-sided pleural effusion with only a minimal amount of residual pleural fluid left
    A: Slight interval decrease in the overall size of the fluid-filled , distended neoesophagus compared to the most recent exam
    A: A few scattered air-fluid levels are still seen in the anterior mediastinum on the lateral view consistent with recent postoperative state
    A: there is now a right upper lobe collapse with opacification at the right base consistent with pleural fluid and either atelectasis or consolidation
    A: The mediastinal and hilar contours appear normal aside from a moderate hiatal hernia projecting along the central lower mediastinum with an air-fluid level
    A: That means the moderate increase in mediastinal caliber in and above the region of the aortic arch could be due to venous engorgement rather than a new fluid collection in the mediastinum
    A: Air-filled cavity within the left apex is re- demonstrated , appears to contain increased opacification suggestive of increasing fluid. Increased opacity within the left apical gas collection likely reflects increasing amount of fluid
    A: Comparison of the pulmonary vasculature suggests increased diameter of the central pulmonary vessel consistent with fluid plethora. The described changes in heart size and pulmonary vasculature could be related to high degree of fluid administration , there is no evidence of advanced cardiac failure


36) bronchus?:

    A: the patient has undergone bronchoscopy
    A: Diffuse bronchiolitis has improved in the lower lungs
    A: Lung volumes are low , resulting in bronchovascular crowding
    A: Lung volumes are low , which may accentuate bronchovascular markings
    A: The lungs are hypoinflated , accounting for some bronchovascular crowding
    A: Lung volumes are low which causes crowding of the bronchovascular structures
    A: It is probably a region of atelectasis or bronchiectasis in the right lower lobe
    A: There are relatively low lung volumes , which accentuate the bronchovascular markings
    A: Low lung volumes causes crowding the bronchovascular structures without overt pulmonary edema
    A: Scar-like lesion at the site of directed radiation in the right upper lung includes bronchiectasis
    A: Mild progression of the known bilateral severe and diffuse parenchymal opacities with air bronchograms
    A: Lung volumes are low , resulting in increased prominence of the cardiac silhouette and bronchovascular crowding
    A: there is unchanged evidence of a retrocardiac opacity with air bronchograms that could potentially reflect pneumonia
    A: MINIMAL BIBASAL OPACITIES ARE PRESENT , MOST LIKELY REPRESENT KNOWN BRONCHIECTASIS WITH ONLY MINIMAL BRONCHIAL WALL THICKENING
    A: Right lower lung atelectasis is associated with pleural effusion but substantial potentially at the level of the right main bronchus
    A: lung volumes are lower causing bronchovascular crowding and accentuation of the cardiac silhouette. Low lung volumes , causing bronchovascular crowding
    A: There has been interval improvement in aeration of the lungs , with residual chronic interstitial abnormality diffusely noted compatible with bronchiectasis and fibrosis
    A: Chronic consolidation in the right upper lobe with bronchiectasis and left upper lobe bronchiectasis is again seen. Right middle lobe and bibasilar bronchiectasis are better seen in prior CT's
    A: There is increased opacity in the right lower lung which could reflect bronchovascular crowding , though the possibility of an early pneumonia cannot be excluded. Bronchovascular crowding versus early pneumonia at the right lung base
    A: Diffuse and focal opacities with air bronchograms suggestive of a predominantly alveolar component are unchanged. No interval change in small bilateral pleural effusions or bilateral diffuse opacities with air bronchograms suggestive of an alveolar process and likely represents ARDS


37) aspiration?:

    A: Aspiration
    A: Minimal edema or aspiration is present at the left lung base
    A: Whether this is atelectasis or aspiration is radiographically indeterminate
    A: Right perihilar ground-glass opacities could represent aspiration or infection
    A: New opacity in left lower lobe is suspicious for pneumonia , possibly from aspiration
    A: Both lungs are clear , no opacities concerning for pneumonia or pulmonary edema or aspiration
    A: Bilateral lower lobe opacities suggest atelectasis , though aspiration or infection cannot be excluded
    A: Left lower lobe consolidation which could reflect atelectasis , aspiration , or small pleural effusion is stable
    A: New opacities at the lung bases , right more than left , may be due to edema versus concurrent aspiration or infection
    A: Bibasilar airspace opacities likely reflect compressive atelectasis though infection and aspiration cannot be completely excluded
    A: Bibasilar opacities appear more confluent , which may be due to worsening atelectasis , underlying infection or aspiration may be present
    A: Worsened right basilar , lingular opacities , may represent atelectasis , consider pneumonitis , aspiration in the appropriate clinical setting
    A: Left lower lobe is largely consolidated , whether this is atelectasis alone or pneumonia possibly due to aspiration is radiographically indeterminate
    A: Medial basal opacification on the left most likely representing aspiration. Focal left lower lobe airspace opacification in keeping with history of aspiration
    A: New opacification at the lung bases is therefore presumably combination of edema and atelectasis , pneumonia , vertically due to aspiration , is not excluded radiographically
    A: a new confluent opacity in the right lung base is concerning for recurrent pneumonia , likely due to aspiration. New right basilar consolidation concerning for recurrent aspiration pneumonia
    A: The etiology of the basilar opacities is uncertain , could represent aspiration , infectious pneumonia , or a dependent distribution of edema in the setting of known upper lobe predominant emphysema
    A: Mild pulmonary vascular congestion is present , note is also made of worsening left retrocardiac opacity , probably due to atelectasis , aspiration and developing pneumonia could have a similar radiographic appearance
    A: There are new bibasilar opacities which likely reflect atelectasis , though superimposed aspiration might also have this appearance in this gentleman who presented with seizure. Bibasilar atelectasis with possible aspiration in this patient with seizure
    A: Patchy opacity is seen in the left lower lobe , likely reflective of chronic bronchiectasis with bronchial wall thickening , atelectasis and chronic aspiration. Patchy left lower lobe opacity , likely reflective of chronic bronchiectasis with atelectasis and chronic aspiration , No new focal consolidation


38) nodules?:

    A: No nodules or masses
    A: Tiny nodules could be present in the left lung
    A: Nipple shadows should not be mistaken for pulmonary nodules
    A: Because some of the pulmonary abnormality has a micronodular quality
    A: Unchanged appearance of the known bilateral extensive pulmonary nodules
    A: A nodule in the right mid hemithorax measuring NUMBER cm was present on the CT on
    A: Nodular opacification at the right base laterally most likely represents a nipple shadow
    A: Nodular of the right hemidiaphragm and in the region of the right lower lobe is again identified
    A: There is biapical pleural thickening and nodularity since and consistent with post-inflammatory process
    A: The calcified nodule in the left lower zone and possible nodule in the left mid zone are again seen as on the CT of
    A: There is continued rightward deviation of the trachea at the level of the thoracic inlet due to known left thyroid nodule
    A: Right mid-to-lower lung calcified subcentimeter nodule is seen in both the frontal and lateral views likely represents a calcified granuloma
    A: There is unchanged the hyperexpansion of both lungs with prominent interstitial markings and diffuse calcified and noncalcified miliary nodules
    A: NUMBER x NUMBER-cm nodular opacity in the right upper lobe was not present on prior radiographs. NUMBER-cm right upper lobe nodular opacity is suspicious for malignancy
    A: Ill-defined nodular and branching opacities are noted within the left lung base , which could reflect bronchial inflammation or infection or infection as seen on the prior chest CT
    A: Previously described nodular opacities on CT are not well demonstrated on the current radiograph. Previously noted nodular opacities seen on CT not clearly visualized on the current radiograph
    A: Many tiny lung nodules have decreased in size substantially. Right upper lobe infiltrative lesion and larger lung nodules in the lower lungs are presumably evidence of bronchogenic carcinoma cited in the request
    A: There is a 4 to 5 mm nodular opacity projecting over the left mid lung field. 4 to 5 mm nodular opacity projecting over the left mid lung field. Recommend shallow obliques or chest CT for further evaluation for possible underlying pulmonary nodule
    A: Pleural thickening and nodularity along with right central adenopathy are better delineated on the recent CT. Multiple nodular opacities within the right lung compatible with metastases as well as osseous metastatic disease with right rib destruction are re- demonstrated
    A: There is a 7 mm nodular opacity projecting over the right lower hemithorax which may represent nipple shadow , further evaluation with nipple markers. An additional subcentimeter nodular opacity is seen just medial to the above. Recommend non-urgent chest CT to assess for possible pulmonary nodule. Sub-centimeter nodular opacities in the right lower hemithorax as above. Recommend nonurgent chest CT to assess for possible underlying pulmonary nodule


39) scarring?:

    A: Mild biapical scarring is noted
    A: There is minimal left apical scarring
    A: Scarring at the right lung apex is again noted
    A: Patchy scarring at each lung apex appears unchanged
    A: Areas of fibrotic scarring are again seen bilaterally
    A: Mild scarring in the left mid lung is similar to prior studies
    A: Streaky right mid lung opacity suggests minor atelectasis or scarring
    A: Nodular opacity at the right lung base and scarring at the left lung apex
    A: Subtle blunting of the left cardiophrenic angle is most consistent with scarring
    A: There is also streaky left mid lung opacity suggesting minor atelectasis or scarring
    A: Known clips in the right axillary region , with some adjacent scarring of the lung parenchyma
    A: Mild left basilar atelectasis/scarring is seen. Stable lateral right upper lung scarring is again seen
    A: Stable minimal blunting of bilateral costophrenic angles may represent small effusions versus scarring
    A: Increased reticular markings bilaterally may relate to underlying fibrosis/scarring and mild vascular congestion
    A: Lungs are fully expanded , aside from minimal linear scarring or atelectasis in the retro sternal lung , lungs are clear
    A: Slight scarring and subsequent pleural thickening are seen at the level of the lower left lateral lung , at the site of the previous infection
    A: Linear opacities within the left lower lobe may reflect subsegmental atelectasis versus scarring. Left lower lobe segmental atelectasis versus scarring
    A: This may very well represent atelectasis or scarring , it is more pronounced than on the radiograph and the differential could include areas of aspiration or infectious infiltrate
    A: Streaky opacities in the left lower lung are again noted , which may represent atelectasis or scarring. Similar appearance is streaky opacities in the left lower lung , which may represent atelectasis or scarring
    A: On the lateral view , there is a patchy opacity projecting over the heart , difficult to discern on the frontal view whether this in the right middle lobe or the lingula since and may represent chronic atelectasis/scarring. Patchy opacity projecting over the cardiac silhouette on lateral view was likely also present on since and may represent chronic atelectasis/scarring


40) densities?:

    A: dense consolidation can also exist at this location
    A: Dense retrocardiac and right base atelectasis is unchanged
    A: there is a marked increase of the radiodensity at the right lung base
    A: There are also areas of increased density in the left retrocardiac area
    A: Additional metallic density hardware projects over the midline and right hilus
    A: There is retrocardiac linear density likely reflective of left lower lobe atelectasis
    A: There is also dense left retrocardiac opacity can be left lower lobe collapse or consolidation
    A: There are new metallic densities projecting over the left upper lobe with left upper lobe collapse
    A: Greater radiodensity in the right upper chest is probably due disparity in disposition of soft tissues
    A: a dense opacity in the left perihilar region , likely radiation fibrosis has significantly improved over to
    A: A small metallic density overlies the left apex and appears to be within the subcutaneous tissue on the lateral view
    A: Bilateral pleural effusions and dense retrocardiac opacity are noted , with low lung volumes and possible mild pulmonary edema
    A: Cardiomediastinal silhouette is unchanged noting increased density in the right paratracheal region compatible with known adenopathy
    A: Concurrent pneumonia cannot be excluded , particularly dense consolidation in the left lower lobe is due either to pneumonia or atelectasis
    A: Nodular density in the left mid zone , Background cardiomegaly and possible background hyperinflation/COPD. Focal nodular density in the left mid zone
    A: There remains dense opacity in left retrocardiac region , possibly a combination of atelectasis and effusion , underlying infectious process in this region is also possible
    A: The lungs are clear except for a very small 2 mm nodule that is dense in the left upper lobe : it could be a calcified granuloma versus a small bone island of the posterior portion of fourth rib
    A: Moderate left pleural effusion appears minimally worse , while increased retrocardiac density and lower lung opacity , which is atelectasis and /or consolidation has improved. right lower lobe soft tissue density opacity
    A: A portable upright chest radiograph shows newly placed Dobbhoff tube with the radiodense tip beyond the gastroesophageal junction , still at the expected level of the proximal stomach. Radiodense material is seen in the hepatic flexure
    A: On the lateral view there is increased density projecting over the lower thoracic spine. Increased density in the lateral view projecting over the spine which could represent interval development of infection , potentially within the right lower lobe , not definitively localized on the frontal view. increased density within the bones is possible


41) emphysema?:

    A: Severe pulmonary emphysema
    A: Subcutaneous emphysema has resolved
    A: There is subcutaneous emphysema on the right
    A: The lungs are hyperinflated suggestive of emphysema
    A: There is a decreased amount of subcutaneous emphysema
    A: In the upper lobes , there is the suggestion of emphysema
    A: the severe emphysematous lesions in the upper lobes are constant
    A: Extensive subcutaneous emphysema is noted along the right chest wall
    A: The lungs are hyperinflated consistent with underlying emphysema. Emphysema
    A: Moderately extensive Subcutaneous emphysema , right neck and supraclavicular region
    A: Volume loss in the right upper lobe and vascular deficiency indicating emphysema are stable
    A: There continues to be some subcutaneous emphysema within the right lateral chest wall soft tissues
    A: Right-sided chest tube has been removed and subcutaneous emphysema in the right chest has decreased
    A: Interval placement of a left-sided chest tube with subcutaneous emphysema and small left apical pneumothorax
    A: There are minimal hyperlucencies at both lung apices , reflecting the pulmonary emphysema documented on the CT examination from
    A: Lungs are hyperinflated with attenuation of pulmonary vascular markings towards the apices likely reflective of underlying emphysema. Emphysema
    A: The lungs are hyperinflated with attenuation of the pulmonary vascular markings towards the lung apices compatible with mild emphysema. Emphysema
    A: There is decreased subcutaneous emphysema overlying the left hemithorax from the most recent prior study of. Decreased subcutaneous emphysema over the left hemithorax
    A: The lungs are hyperinflated with lucency of the lung apices and attenuation of the pulmonary vascular markings compatible with severe bullous emphysema. Severe bullous emphysema but no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
    A: Subcutaneous emphysema is partially imaged along the right lateral chest/upper abdominal wall. Subcutaneous emphysema along the right lateral chest/upper abdominal wall should be correlated with site of recent surgery/instrumentation


42) markings?:

    A: There is coarsening of the bronchovascular markings
    A: Bronchovascular markings are exaggerated by low lung volumes
    A: The lung volumes are low accentuating the bronchovascular markings
    A: Coarsened lung markings may reflect emphysema or fibrotic lung disease
    A: Indistinctness of the pulmonary vascular markings suggests vascular congestion
    A: There are relatively low lung volumes which accentuate the bronchovascular markings
    A: Increased interstitial markings are seen throughout the lungs without focal consolidation
    A: Low lung volumes with persistent prominence of interstitial markings likely interstitial edema
    A: AP view of the chest demonstrates low lung volumes , which accentuate bronchovascular markings
    A: Engorged hilar vasculature in indistinct pulmonary vascular markings are compatible with mild edema
    A: Diffuse mild interstitial markings is identified with mild bronchial wall thickening within the lower lungs
    A: There is prominence of the pulmonary vasculature and interstitial markings , consistent with mild pulmonary edema
    A: Prominent interstitial markings , more pronounced on the left than the right , are likely reflective of underlying emphysema
    A: There are low lung volumes that accentuate the bronchovascular markings. Low lung volumes which accentuate the bronchovascular markings
    A: Increased interstitial markings bilaterally suggest pulmonary edema , underlying pulmonary contusion not excluded in the setting of trauma
    A: There is a prominence of interstitial markings , central pulmonary vasculature and small bilateral pleural effusions consistent with mild pulmonary edema
    A: Again there is hyperexpansion of the lungs with flattening hemidiaphragms and coarseness of interstitial markings , all consistent with chronic pulmonary disease
    A: Mild increase in interstitial markings bilaterally may be due to mild interstitial edema. Slight diffuse increase in interstitial markings bilaterally could be due to mild interstitial edema
    A: There is coarsened appearance of lung markings bilaterally with cuffed airways , probably due to airway inflammation , there is no focal opacification aside from streaky lingular opacity which suggests minor atelectasis
    A: Indistinct pulmonary vascular markings seen throughout. Increased hazy bibasilar opacities are in part due to overlying gynecomastia , prominent interstitial markings are likely in part accountable for this finding. Indistinct pulmonary vascular markings seen throughout suggestive of pulmonary vascular congestion


43) congestive heart failure CHF?:

    A: No CHF
    A: There is no CHF
    A: No signs of pneumonia or CHF
    A: There is no pneumothorax or CHF
    A: No evidence of congestive heart failure
    A: No convincing signs of pneumonia or CHF
    A: No new CHF , effusion or pneumothorax is detected
    A: There is no chf , pleural effusion or pneumothorax
    A: There is upper zone redistribution , without overt CHF
    A: There is no pneumothorax , effusion , consolidation or CHF
    A: There is mild prominence of vessels , no CHF. no CHF or gross effusion
    A: There is no evidence of pneumonia or CHF , pneumothorax or pleural effusion
    A: lateral views of the chest were obtained demonstrating no signs of pneumonia or CHF
    A: The patient has been extubated , which explain the increase in the moderate cardiac congestion
    A: Cardiomegaly , mild pulmonary vascular congestion , mild pulmonary edema suggest volume overload
    A: Time course is most suggestive of CHF with interstitial and probably also with some degree of alveolar edema
    A: Findings consistent with mild elevation of central venous pressure without signs of decompensated congestive heart failure
    A: lateral views of the chest are provided , demonstrating mild cardiomegaly without signs of congestive heart failure. No evidence of pneumonia or CHF
    A: Vascular markings are more pronounced than on , similar to earlier the same day -- could reflect CHF. CHF , slightly increased compared with this compared with 1 day earlier
    A: Cardiomegaly and diffuse pulmonary edema is consistent with decompensated congestive heart failure. Decompensated congestive heart failure with additional denser opacities in the left lung which are concerning for pneumonia


44) infiltrate?:

    A: New left lung infiltrates
    A: No focal infiltrate or effusion
    A: Bilateral interstitial infiltrates have worsened
    A: No focal infiltrate identified to suggest pneumonia
    A: no evidence of any increased pneumonic infiltrate in this area
    A: The visualized portions of the lung are clear without infiltrate
    A: Moderately severe widespread infiltrative pulmonary abnormality has improved
    A: An underlying infectious infiltrate , particularly on the left cannot be excluded
    A: Is unclear if this is due to overlapping shadows or if there is an early infiltrate present
    A: There is hazy alveolar infiltrate involving the left lower lobe which also has some volume loss
    A: No new parenchymal infiltrates can be identified. no evidence of new parenchymal infiltrates can be identified
    A: There is a small right effusion and at alveolar infiltrate in the right lower lobe that is increased compared to prior
    A: There has been no change in extensive malignancy in the left upper lobe and infiltrate in the mediastinum and left hilus
    A: There is mild pulmonary vascular redistribution but no focal infiltrate. mild pulmonary vascular redistribution but no focal infiltrate
    A: There is severe pulmonary vascular redistribution and hazy bilateral infiltrates in the visualized portions of the lungs compatible with fluid overload
    A: No signs of acute or chronic parenchymal infiltrates are present and the lateral and posterior pleural sinuses are free. No evidence of CHF or acute infiltrates
    A: There is increased density in the lower lobe posteriorly on the lateral view , could represent a pneumonic infiltrate. New lower lobe opacity concerning for pneumonic infiltrate
    A: Today it is largely unchanged with diffuse infiltrative and interstitial opacities stable. Study is essentially unchanged from priors with unchanged diffuse infiltrative and interstitial opacities
    A: there is no evidence of local discrete pulmonary pneumonic infiltrate anywhere in the lung. be realized that the described beginning central parenchymal changes in the left hemithorax cannot completely exclude the possibility of inflammatory infiltrates
    A: The pulmonary vasculature is not congested , the relatively high positioned diaphragms result in crowded appearance of the pulmonary vasculature , plate thin bilateral peripheral atelectasis are noted , there is no evidence of significant pleural effusion or acute pulmonary infiltrates


45) esophagus?:

    A: There is mild dilatation of the esophagus
    A: The feeding tube tip is in the mid esophagus
    A: Dobbhoff tube coiled in esophagus with tip in pharynx
    A: The esophagus is filled with air , not particularly distended
    A: Esophageal drainage tube passes into the stomach and out of view
    A: Nasogastric tube is seen only to the level of the mid to distal esophagus
    A: NG tube tip is in the distal esophagus and should be advanced at least 15 cm
    A: Esophagogastric drainage tube ends in the midportion of the nondistended stomach
    A: Esophageal drainage tube traverses a moderately distended stomach and passes out of view
    A: Nasogastric tube extends to the stomach , though the side hole is above the esophagogastric junction
    A: Nasogastric tube extends to the upper stomach , with the side hole distal to the esophagogastric junction
    A: The tip of a nasogastric tube terminates in the upper esophagus. Nasogastric tube tip in the proximal esophagus
    A: the nasogastric tube has been pushed forward so that the side port is below the level of the esophagogastric junction
    A: THERE IS A NASOGASTRIC TUBE IN PLACE WITH THE TIP IN THE STOMACH , THE SIDE PORT AT THE LEVEL OF THE ESOPHAGOGASTRIC JUNCTION
    A: Nasogastric tube ends in the low esophagus and would need to be advanced at least 15 cm to move all the side ports into the stomach
    A: A portable frontal chest radiograph again demonstrates an esophageal stent , mediastinal clips , sternal wires , all unchanged in position
    A: 2 CHEST RADIOGRAPHS SHOW REPOSITIONING OF THE ESOPHAGEAL FEEDING TUBE WITH THE WIRE STYLET IN PLACE FROM THE LOWER ESOPHAGUS TO THE GASTROESOPHAGEAL JUNCTION
    A: The patient is status post esophagectomy and gastric pull-through at , with no significant interval change in the appearance of the mediastinum compared to the prior radiograph
    A: Again seen is a an esophageal stent , now in a more distal position than on prior examination. Esophageal stent seen on prior examination is in a more distal position on the current examination than on prior
    A: The appearance of luncency projecting over the proximal esophagus is likely due to apical bullae in a rotated patient , though esophageal dilatation is another consideration. as well as possible proximal esophageal dilatation , the latter is likely due to apical bullae in rotated patient


46) masses?:

    A: No lung nodules or masses
    A: No pulmonary nodules or masses
    A: There are no masses or lesions identified
    A: Multiple bilateral rounded nodulew/masses again seen
    A: There is no new mass , consolidation , effusion or pneumothorax
    A: Left juxtahilar mass and mediastinal adenopathy are grossly unchanged
    A: The previously described left upper lobe mass is not seen on this radiograph
    A: This obscures a known lung mass in this region , more fully characterized on CT of
    A: the patient has undergone a biopsy of a large left perihilar mass. The mass is still visible
    A: The large parenchymal opacity in the perihilar areas , potentially reflecting a hilar or perihilar mass
    A: Other findings including intrathoracic lymphadenopathy and the right chest wall mass are not appreciably changed
    A: Left lower lobe opacities are a combination of pleural effusion and adjacent atelectasis and known left pleural mass
    A: There is bronchovascular crowding secondary to low lung volumes , no focal areas of consolidation , lesions , or masses are seen
    A: Stability of the two small linear fibrotic band the in the middle third of the right lung where there was a round mass-like pneumonia in
    A: Both on the frontal and on the lateral radiograph , normal vascular structures are seen at the right lung bases but there is no evidence of a mass or a nodule
    A: The stomach bubble appears to be inferiorly displaced relative to the right hemidiaphragm , suggesting downward mass effect on the left hemidiaphragm by the left pleural process
    A: Large multi loculated right pleural abnormality , including fissural fluid loculations , accompanied by severe atelectasis right middle and lower lobes and possible right hilar mass
    A: Known left hilar mass and mediastinal adenopathy was better seen on prior CT , Left mainstem bronchus stent is again seen. Known left hilar mass and mediastinal adenopathy better seen on prior CT , No pneumothorax
    A: Again demonstrated is an apparent mass in the right juxtahilar region , with localized collapse of the superior segment right lower lobe. The recommendation for further imaging of the apparent right hilar mass has been discussed with Dr
    A: there has been no significant interval change in the left hilar mass with volume loss and opacification in left upper lobe , which likely represents postobstructive pneumonia/collapse. No significant interval change since the prior study in the extensive left upper lobe consolidation and hilar mass


47) air collections?:

    A: No free intraperitoneal air
    A: Extensive subcutaneous air is unchanged
    A: There is subcutaneous air within the upper neck
    A: There is no evidence of free intraperitoneal air
    A: Air collection in the cervical soft tissues are constant
    A: Extensive chest wall and left neck soft tissue air is present
    A: There may be some loculated collections of air within the effusion
    A: Subcutaneous gas seen in the right chest wall and right supraclavicular area
    A: Subcutaneous gas is seen along the left lateral chest wall and upper abdomen
    A: Stable appearance of the right lung with the known right basal pleural air collection
    A: the patient has received a PICC device and there is massive amount of free intra-abdominal air
    A: Small amount of free air under the right diaphragm is expected after recent abdominal aortic repair
    A: Apparent decrease in extent of free intraperitoneal air in this patient status post recent abdominal surgery
    A: Perihilar and lower lobe bronchial wall thickening are present , may be due to airway infection or inflammation
    A: linear air density seen on lateral view is in uncertain location , not corresponding to and expected intra thoracic cavity
    A: Previous left pleural effusion , gas collection , thickening have resolved following removal of 2 previous pleural drainage catheters
    A: Bronchiectatic left-sided airways , an abnormal right lung field , for which a chest CT is recommended if outside studies are not available for review
    A: Position of the mediastinum is grossly unchanged , the left pneumonectomy space has a stable small collection of air in the upper hemi thorax , poorly defined on the supine view
    A: No large pneumothorax is seen , there are a few vertical linear lucencies along the lateral edge of the left lung which could represent loculated air within the pleural space at seen on the CT
    A: Lucency projecting over the medial right mid-to-lower hemithorax corresponds to previously seen large loculated air and fluid collection and is less prominent as compared to the prior study. Sliver of lucency seen along the lateral right diaphragm likely corresponds to air along the pleural space as seen on prior chest CT


48) lesions?:

    A: No acute osseous injury
    A: no cavitary lesion visualized
    A: There are no suspicious osseous lesions
    A: No suspicious lung lesions concerning for metastases
    A: No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease or injury
    A: The skin marker is not at the position of the suspicious lesion
    A: lateral chest films should be obtained to be sure there is no new lung lesion
    A: Right upper lobe peripheral opacities are unchanged , consistent with contusions
    A: There are patchy opacities in the right mid and lower lung consistent with pulmonary contusions
    A: Right basilar opacity could be due to atelectasis , superimposed infection or mass lesion is possible
    A: A NUMBER cm well-circumscribed circular lesion projecting over the right heart border has mildly increased
    A: Focal opacities in the right mid lung adjacent to the operative site are likely due to atelectasis and or contusion
    A: it is a function of bronchospasm , if it does not clear , CT scanning would be indicated to exclude a small endobronchial lesion
    A: Also the tracheal deviation to the left is more pronounced than on , overall consistent with increase in size of the right thyroid lesion
    A: Findings may be mildly accentuated by overlapping ribs , these are unlikely to be purely artifactual , external artifact/ skin lesion is possible
    A: The right lower lobe paramediastinal lesion is also seen as well as abnormalities are seen less distinct as compared to prior upright chest radiograph or chest CT
    A: Compression fracture of a low thoracic vertebral body is unchanged as are expansile lesions involving the left 8th rib posteriorly. Multiple osseous lesions compatible with known myeloma
    A: Fracture of the sternum with superior and anterior displacement of the distal fracture fragment is noted with adjacent retrosternal density likely reflecting a small hematoma or soft tissue thickening
    A: A fudicial seed is again seen within a posterior left lower lobe lesion , compatible with known malignancy status post CyberKnife therapy. Left lower lobe lesion containing a fudicial marker , not significantly changed from the prior study
    A: Residual right mid and lower lung opacities persist which could be due to pulmonary contusion and /or residual atelectasis and possible small right pleural effusion. Residual right mid lung and right basilar opacity may be due to pulmonary contusion , aspiration and /or atelectasis with possible small pleural effusion remaining


49) soft tissue?:

    A: The soft tissues are unremarkable
    A: If continued concern for soft tissue abnormality
    A: Osseous and soft tissue structures are unremarkable
    A: Osseous and soft tissue structures are unremarkable
    A: Osseous and soft tissue structures are unremarkable
    A: Osseous and soft tissue structures are unremarkable
    A: Osseous and soft tissue structures are unremarkable
    A: Right lower lobe opacity , possibly from soft tissue artifact
    A: Tiny clips are also noted projecting over the left breast soft tissues
    A: The extent of soft tissue air collection in the right chest wall has not changed
    A: Partially imaged is calcification within the soft tissue within the left chest wall
    A: Osseous and soft tissue structures are unchanged , noting hypertrophic changes in the spine
    A: Multiple calcific densities project over the soft tissues of the lateral chest wall bilaterally
    A: Osseous and soft tissue structures are otherwise essentially unremarkable noting right upper quadrant clips
    A: The soft tissue of the upper anterior chest wall is markedly thickened , and should be inspected for possible hematoma
    A: There is suggestion of some increasing opacification at the left base , though some of this may reflect overlying soft tissues
    A: Overlying soft tissue limits full evaluation there is no pleural effusion , pneumothorax or focal airspace consolidation worrisome for pneumonia
    A: There is questionable right lower lung opacity that potentially might reflect infectious process versus superimposed soft tissues , correlation with lateral view would be beneficial
    A: Bilateral hilar and right paratracheal soft tissues suspicious for lymphadenopathy. Soft tissue in the medial right upper lobe corresponds to a lung mass which is concerning for malignancy
    A: lateral views of the chest demonstrate a 4 mm circular metallic density in the soft tissues of the right medial chest wall anteriorly with an appearance consistent with a metal BB. Metallic BB in the anterior soft tissues of the right chest wall medially in the patient who has had previous thoracic pulmonary surgery on the right


50) bronchovascular crowding?:

    A: Lung volumes are low with bronchovascular crowding
    A: This causes crowding of the bronchovascular structures
    A: Lung volumes are low resulting in bronchovascular crowding
    A: Lung volumes are low with associated bronchovascular crowding
    A: The lung volumes are low with associated bronchovascular crowding
    A: Mild bronchovascular crowding in the lung bases due to low lung volumes
    A: Lung volumes are low leading to crowding of the bronchovascular structures
    A: Low lung volumes are again noted with crowding of the bronchovascular markings
    A: Low lung volumes are noted bilaterally with crowding of bronchovascular markings
    A: There are low lung volumes which causes crowding of the bronchovascular structures
    A: Crowding of the bronchovascular structures is demonstrated without overt pulmonary edema
    A: Crowding of the bronchovascular structures is noted , with prominence of the hilar regions
    A: Lung volumes are decreased , with crowding of bronchovascular markings , no focal consolidation
    A: Low lung volumes results in mild crowding of bronchovascular structures and mild bibasilar atelectasis
    A: There is crowding of the bronchovascular structures , possible mild pulmonary vascular congestion may be present
    A: Underinflation of the lungs results in prominence of the cardiomediastinal silhouette and bronchovascular crowding
    A: Slightly lower lung volumes than on the most recent prior study may account for bronchovascular crowding at the lung bases
    A: lung volumes are lower , resulting in crowding of bronchovascular structures and accentuation of the cardiomediastinal contours
    A: There is mild upper zone vascular redistribution with crowding of bronchovascular structures , likely related to supine AP positioning and low lung volumes
    A: There is some crowding of bronchovascular structures in the lung bases , with associated streaky peribronchiolar opacities , likely due to atelectasis , an aspiration event or peribronchial infection could produce a similar appearance


51) haze?:

    A: there is increasing hazy opacification at the bases
    A: Hazy interstitial opacities are also noted in the right lung base
    A: Perihilar haziness and peribronchial cuffing have also slightly improved
    A: there is mild perihilar haze and increase in diameter of the pulmonary vasculature
    A: Decrease in already low lung volumes may account for hazy opacification in the right lung
    A: The hazy opacification at the right base with poor definition of the hemidiaphragm is not seen
    A: There is hazy right basilar opacity potentially due to a combination of effusion and atelectasis
    A: There is perihilar haziness and vascular indistinctness compatible with mild to moderate pulmonary edema
    A: There are some hazy densities at the left base likely representing atelectasis as opposed to focal infiltrates
    A: There is a new perihilar fullness , upper zone re-distribution , hazy opacity suggesting pulmonary vascular congestion
    A: Some hazy alveolar infiltrate in bilateral lower lobes , likely due to volume loss but an early infiltrate cannot be excluded
    A: Right cardiophrenic angle haziness is stable. Relative haziness of the right lung as compared to the left likely relates to volume loss
    A: There is increased hazy opacity projecting over the right lung , particularly at the base raising the possibility of the layering effusion
    A: At the right lung base , there are some hazy , more nodular densities which were not visible on the prior film. Hazy nodular densities right lung base
    A: Poor definition of the hemidiaphragms with haziness at the bases is consistent with bilateral pleural effusions and adjacent compressive atelectatic changes
    A: Cardiac silhouette is mildly enlarged , accompanied by new pulmonary vascular congestion and bilateral perihilar haziness as well as increased distention of the azygous vein
    A: Marked cardiomegaly is now present and hazy density over the bases indicative of bilateral pleural effusion obliterating the diaphragmatic contours and the lateral pleural sinuses
    A: Again noted is an upper zone re-distribution pattern with distended vessel in the upper pulmonary area and some interstitial edema on the bases with perivascular haze and a few peripheral lymph lines
    A: There is some hazy increased retrocardiac density , which could reflect some left lower lobe collapse and /or consolidation. Hazy retrocardiac density is similar to prior and could represent some collapse and /or consolidation in the left lower lung
    A: The right hemidiaphragm is elevated , with blunting of the right costophrenic angle and diffuse hazy opacity in the right lung -- allowing for differences in technique. Small right effusion and hazy opacity in right lung , with right base collapse and /or consolidation


52) hernias?:

    A: Moderate hiatal hernia
    A: A hiatal hernia is again seen
    A: There is a large hiatal hernia
    A: Evidence of a hiatal hernia is seen
    A: Small hiatal hernia is re- demonstrated
    A: Moderate cardiomegaly and huge hiatal hernia
    A: There is the suggestion of a small hiatal hernia
    A: The nasogastric tube again coils within the hiatal hernia
    A: There is also suggestion of a hiatal hernia. Probable hiatal hernia
    A: Visualized abdomen is notable for a small hiatal hernia. Small hiatal hernia
    A: Compensatory hyperinflation of the left lung with herniation across the midline
    A: Nasoenteric tube tip projects over a large hiatal hernia. There is a large hiatal hernia
    A: A retrocardiac opacity containing an air-fluid level is compatible with a small hiatal hernia
    A: Bilateral pleural effusions are a persistent finding , note is again made of a massive hiatal hernia
    A: Large diaphragmatic hernia and extensive pleural effusion on the left are again seen with extremely low lung volumes
    A: There is blunting of the posterior costophrenic angle , potentially due to small effusion or potentially a Bochdalek's hernia
    A: There is a retrocardiac opacity consistent with a hiatal hernia. Stable cardiomegaly and retrocardiac opacity consistent with hiatal hernia
    A: There is a retrocardiac opacity with subtle central air lucency which could represent a hiatal hernia. Right basal atelectasis , with probable hiatal hernia
    A: The enteric tube tip passes below the diaphragm , the side port is within a moderate hiatal hernia. Enteric tube side port is within a moderate hiatal hernia , and should be advanced NUMBER cm for optimal positioning
    A: Relative rounded left base retrocardiac opacity with at least a couple of lucencies within has appearance suggestive of a hernia containing bowel/stomach. Rounded left base retrocardiac opacity with lucencies within is most suggestive of a hernia containing bowel/stomach


53) cancer or tumor?:

    A: There are diffuse bony metastases
    A: No lung nodules suspicious for metastatic disease
    A: FINAL REPORT Myeloma , on chemotherapy , TB exposure recently
    A: there are innumerable rounded metastatic foci throughout both lungs
    A: Unchanged right parenchymal opacities consistent with known metastatic disease
    A: NUMBER x NUMBER cm rounded opacity in the left upper lobe concerning for neoplasm
    A: Diffuse sclerosis of the osseous structures is compatible with known sclerotic metastases
    A: Essentially normal chest radiograph with no evidence of recurrence of lung cancer on this exam
    A: There are bilateral lower lobe metastatic lesions as better seen on the CT from , stable to mildly increased
    A: Again seen is expansion and sclerosis of a few right lower ribs consistent with patient's diagnosis of myeloma
    A: Extensive nodularity in the lungs is compatible with known metastatic disease. Extensive metastatic disease within the chest
    A: Bilateral effusions and bilateral apical metastatic lesions without evidence of pneumothorax after capping right basal chest tube
    A: Postoperative changes in the spine are again demonstrated as well as healed bilateral rib fractures , likely related to history of myeloma
    A: Increased soft tissue density about the left hilum consistent with a history of lung adenocarcinoma in that area with fiducial seed in unchanged position
    A: Scattered opacities are seen in the right upper lung zone compatible with metastatic disease. Known bilateral pulmonary metastases better evaluated on prior CT chest
    A: While this may represent resolving infection , the possibility of metastatic disease cannot be excluded and therefore followup will be necessary after treatment to ensure resolution
    A: be performed to exclude the presence of a central neoplasm. given the unchanged presence of left hilar enlargement and a non resolving opacity in both lungs , to exclude the presence of a neoplasm
    A: There is a history of potential myeloma. The appearance of the bones constituting the bony chest wall as well as the shoulders and the clavicle suggests the presence of a diffuse bony disease , for example diffuse metastatic breast cancer
    A: Multiple scattered , rounded opacities in the left perihilar region and right lower lobe are consistent with known pulmonary nodules representing advanced metastatic disease. Multiple bilateral rounded pulmonary nodular densities are compatible with known advanced metastatic disease
    A: The patient has a known adenocarcinoma of the lung with brain metastases. In the right hemithorax , the already earlier visible multiple nodular densities indicative of secondary metastases have increased. Progression of left-sided lung masses , decreased aeration in left hemithorax , On the right side advanced evidence of secondary metastasis in lung , no pneumothorax , no massive pleural effusions that would deserve additional drainage


54) gas distension?:

    A: Moderate gastric distention
    A: Note is made of gastric distention
    A: Mediastinal veins are now severely distended
    A: Cuff of tracheostomy tube remains over distended
    A: Mild gastric distension in the upper abdomen is new
    A: There is distention of the bowel loops in the upper abdomen
    A: There could be distention of the azygos and other mediastinal veins
    A: Nasogastric tube passes into a non distended stomach and out of view
    A: Resolution of pulmonary edema , with improvement of central vein distention
    A: Mediastinal veins are distended , there is no pulmonary edema , or pleural effusion
    A: Nasogastric tube ends at the level of the diaphragm in the non-distended neoesophagus
    A: DESPITE NASOGASTRIC TUBE IN STANDARD POSITION STOMACH IS SEVERELY DISTENDED WITH AIR , FLUID
    A: There is no pneumothorax or new lung abnormalities , there is persistent marked distention of the stomach
    A: Interval placement of orogastric tube , terminating within the stomach , which appears moderately distended
    A: Considering patient's history of bilateral lower extremity edema , it is noteworthy that the azygos vein is not distended
    A: The stomach and multiple loops of large and small bowel are gaseously distended , though not pathologically dilated , likely ileus
    A: Mild cardiomegaly and pulmonary vascular engorgement have improved and mediastinal venous distention has decreased , indicating improved cardiac function
    A: A gas-distended stomach can be identified and overlying drainage tubes are seen in the upper abdominal area more detailed analysis of the abdomen can be performed
    A: Tip of the nasogastric tube is in the upper portion of non-distended stomach , the tube would need to be advanced 6 cm to move all the side ports beyond the gastroesophageal junction
    A: there is substantial progression of the abnormalities including development of right lung consolidations involving almost the entire right lung , distention of the azygos vein in development of perihilar consolidations and most likely pleural effusions


55) fluid overload?:

    A: Mild fluid overload
    A: Mild fluid overload is seen
    A: Slight improvement in fluid overload
    A: The right lung shows minimal fluid overload
    A: Mild fluid overload but no overt pulmonary edema
    A: Mild fluid overload but no overt pulmonary edema
    A: Mild fluid overload but no overt pulmonary edema
    A: Minimal fluid overload but no overt pulmonary edema
    A: Mild cardiomegaly and mild fluid overload are unchanged
    A: Cephalization of vasculature is suggestive of fluid overload
    A: the signs indicative of mild fluid overload have completely resolved
    A: the pre-existing signs of mild fluid overload are decreasing in severity
    A: the pre-existing signs indicative of fluid overload have completely resolved
    A: Low lung volumes with areas of basilar atelectasis as well as mild fluid overload persist
    A: There is some mild prominence of the pulmonary markings , consistent with minimal fluid overload
    A: There is pulmonary vascular re-distribution and ill-defined vasculature consistent with fluid overload
    A: Borderline size of the cardiac silhouette with signs of mild fluid overload and bilateral areas of basal atelectasis
    A: Moderate cardiomegaly with mild fluid overload and bilateral pleural effusions , minimal on the left and moderate on the right
    A: There is severe pulmonary vascular redistribution and hazy bilateral infiltrates in the visualized portions of the lungs compatible with fluid overload
    A: Increased indistinctness of the vessels , particularly at the right hilum and the infrahilar area are compatible with fluid overload , there is no pleural effusion. Mild fluid overload


56) adenopathy?:

    A: No hilar or mediastinal adenopathy
    A: No evidence of lymphadenopathy or acute TB
    A: There is no pleural effusion or central adenopathy
    A: Enlarged left hilum which could reflect hilar lymphadenopathy
    A: There is no pleural effusion or substantial central adenopathy
    A: Slight prominence of the hila may indicate underlying lymphadenopathy
    A: The patient has known large mediastinal and bilateral hilar lymphadenopathy
    A: Widening mediastinum is again noted , patient has known mediastinal lymphadenopathy
    A: There is an unusual appearance of the left hilum could be consolidation , / or lymphadenopathy
    A: Hilar adenopathy is also more pronounced on the right. Hilar adenopathy is most pronounced on the right
    A: Prominent right hilar contour corresponds to adenopathy on CT , No significant pleural effusions or pneumothorax
    A: The mild widening , shape , homogeneity of upper mediastinal contents suggest adenopathy , perhaps increased slightly
    A: There is prominence of the mediastinum most notably along the right peritracheal stripe which is compatible with no lymphadenopathy
    A: Prominent left hilum , consistent with known perihilar non-small-cell lung cancer and lymphadenopathy , is grossly unchanged to slightly smaller
    A: lateral chest radiograph is recommended once the patient has recovered from the acute process to exclude underlying pathology such as lymphadenopathy
    A: There is obscuration of the aortic knob potentially suggestive of hilar adenopathy and enlargement of the left pulmonary artery consistent with pulmonary hypertension
    A: there is increased opacity projecting over the right hilum which is more than expected for simply hilar structures alone and is worrisome for underlying adenopathy or mass lesion
    A: Bilateral hila are enlarged , compatible with hilar lymphadenopathy. The right paratracheal stripe is enlarged , compatible with mediastinal adenopathy. Lung involvement and lymphadenopathy was evaluated in prior CT 2
    A: While this may be due to engorgement of the central pulmonary vasculature , its asymmetry when compared to the left hilum raises concern for a right hilar mass or adenopathy and further evaluation with a contrast enhanced chest CT is recommended
    A: Extensive hilar and mediastinal adenopathy seen on CT was better assessed on CT since the prior study is opacity projecting over the left lung , centered in the left mid lung but also involving the left lower lung and the inferior left upper lung , worrisome for infection or aspiration , new/increased. Multiple pulmonary nodules , mediastinal and hilar adenopathy , New large area of relatively ground-glass opacity projecting over the left lung worrisome for infection or aspiration


57) loculation?:

    A: This likely represents partially loculated fluid
    A: Loculated small pneumothorax at the left base is again seen
    A: At least partially loculated right pleural effusion appears to be unchanged
    A: Persistent moderate loculated left pleural effusion , no visible pneumothorax
    A: Fissural densities may represent loculated effusion , local metastatic disease is not excluded
    A: Some of it may now be loculated , particular the non dependent portions in the right upper chest
    A: Retrosternal lucency could reflect a loculated component of air , an acceptable finding after sternotomy
    A: There is a large left pleural effusion which may be at least partially loculated , with likely underlying atelectasis
    A: Small loculated pleural fluid collection adjacent to the right lateral costophrenic sulcus has slightly decreased in size
    A: Large loculated bilateral pleural effusions are similar as before. Large loculated bilateral pleural effusions are similar 11 hr prior
    A: The opacification at the right base has somewhat increased , most likely representing some combination of free and loculated pleural effusion
    A: Loculated effusion in the left hemi thorax including lung consolidations and left pigtail catheter is unchanged with no interval accumulation of fluid
    A: Large left pleural effusion appears more prominent laterally than on the prior study , could potentially be developing a loculated component in the mid lung region
    A: Moderate partially loculated right pleural effusion persist. Persistent heterogeneous right upper lobe opacification and moderate partially loculated right pleural effusion
    A: There is a residual stable basilar loculated pleural effusion and persistent airspace opacity at the right base which may reflect atelectasis , superimposed infection cannot be excluded
    A: Stable small-to-moderate dependent right pleural effusion and moderate partially loculated left pleural effusion. Stable bilateral pleural effusions , which is larger on the left and partially loculated
    A: Grossly stable appearance of the right hemi thorax with loculated right pleural effusion an atelectasis. Grossly stable appearance of loculated right pleural effusion with possible mild improvement in aeration of the right lung
    A: Frontal and lateral chest radiographs demonstrate improved aeration of the right lung with decreased residual loculated fluid within the fissure. Improved aeration of the right lung with decreased residual loculated fluid within the fissure
    A: A right pleural drain is in place with increased opacity in the right lung and probable increase in size of the loculated right pleural effusion. The prominence of the mediastinum may reflect in part adjacent loculated pleural fluid. Increased right pleural loculated effusion with chest tube in place
    A: There is persistent opacification , particularly posteriorly , suggesting a pleural effusion of small to moderate size on the right , potentially with some loculation. Marked improvement in pleural effusions and pulmonary edema but with persistent right-sided effusion , potentially with some loculation and residual unilateral interstitial abnormality


58) COPD?:

    A: Severe COPD
    A: There is background COPD
    A: COPD without superimposed pneumonia
    A: Lung volumes are increased suggesting COPD
    A: The lungs are hyperinflated , suggesting COPD
    A: The lungs are hyperinflated , consistent with COPD
    A: Lungs are hyperinflated suggestive of underlying COPD
    A: Hyperinflation of the lungs is compatible with underlying COPD
    A: Hyperinflated lungs with flattened diaphragms suggests underlying COPD
    A: Lungs are hyperinflated , suggesting chronic obstructive pulmonary disease. COPD
    A: Diffuse interstitial abnormality in the lungs which are hyperinflated suggesing COPD
    A: Hyperinflated lungs with flattened hemidiaphragms , as can be seen in patients with COPD
    A: Lung volumes are increased with flattening of the bilateral hemidiaphragms compatible with COPD
    A: There is probable hyperinflation with background COPD. Probable background COPD and chronic lung disease
    A: Again seen is background COPD , with extensive parenchymal scarring as well as bilateral calcified pleural plaques
    A: lateral chest radiographs demonstrate pulmonary hyperexpansion and flattening of the hemidiaphragms consistent with COPD
    A: The lungs are relatively hyperinflated with flattening of the diaphragms , suggesting chronic obstructive pulmonary disease
    A: Flattening of the diaphragms persists suggesting possible COPD. COPD with possible mild pulmonary vascular prominence without overt pulmonary edema
    A: The lungs are relatively hyperinflated , with flattening of the diaphragms , suggesting chronic obstructive pulmonary disease , Minor basilar atelectasis is seen
    A: there is a degree of irregular peripheral vascular distribution in the lungs coinciding with low positioned and flattened diaphragms , all indicative of COPD. there is presently no evidence of acute pneumonic infiltrates in this patient with otherwise rather typical and advanced findings consistent with COPD


59) fissures?:

    A: Fissures appear mildly thickened
    A: An azygos fissure is incidentally noted
    A: There is thickening of the right minor fissure
    A: Fluid is seen extending into the right minor fissure
    A: There appears to be fluid in the right major fissure as before
    A: Atelectasis and /or trace fluid in the minor fissure is again seen
    A: A linear opacity near the fissure may represent atelectasis on the right
    A: There is some pleural fluid at the right base extending into the right minor fissure
    A: There is a small amount of fluid within the fissures and trace bilateral pleural effusions
    A: The areas of scarring along the minor fissure and at the right and left lung apex are constant
    A: There is left lower lobe patchy opacity that does not transgress the major fissure on the lateral view
    A: There is some linear atelectasis in the region of the right major fissure which has increased compared to prior
    A: Small bilateral pleural effusion , bibasal atelectasis and minimal fluid in the minor fissure are similar in appearance
    A: Region of abnormality which on the frontal view projects over the right mid lung above and below the level of the minor fissure
    A: Bilateral pleural effusions , right more than left with partial loculation along the fissure are demonstrated , associated with bibasal atelectasis
    A: Right lung multifocal consolidation and pleural thickening have slightly increased since the prior exam with increased fluid in the right major fissure
    A: Worsening of the bilateral widespread alveolar opacities with thickening of the right minor fissure and progressive bilateral pleural effusion with bibasilar atelectasis
    A: There has been interval reaccumulation of a large right pleural effusion and expands the right major fissure. Reaccumulation of a large right pleural effusion and expands the right major fissure
    A: there has been little interval change with persistent low lung volumes and linear atelectasis or fluid along the right minor fissure and asymmetric left greater than right pulmonary opacities which is likely retrocardiac atelectasis
    A: Which is now best visualized inferiorly there has been interval partial re-expansion of the left lung with patchy areas of alveolar edema still seen in the mid left lung and dense retrocardiac opacification compatible with volume loss/ infiltrate in the left lower lung 2 left-sided chest tubes are again visualized there is some minimal volume loss on the right with fluid in the right major fissure and a small right effusion left-sided PICC line with tip in the distal SVC is again seen


60) granumola?:

    A: A granuloma is noted in the left apex
    A: There are few small stable granuloma present
    A: Aside from a calcified granuloma , lungs are clear
    A: Patient with known calcified granuloma in the spleen
    A: Punctate granulomas in the right upper lobe are unchanged
    A: Tiny calcified granulomas are again noted in the right lung
    A: Probable calcified granulomas identified at the right lung base
    A: Calcified lymph nodes in the hilum suggest old granulomatous infection
    A: Left apical granuloma is similar in appearance to the prior radiograph series
    A: There are calcified granulomas scattered throughout both lungs. Calcified granulomas
    A: No definite findings to suggest active tuberculosis or previous granulomatous infection
    A: Subcm nodular opacity projecting over the lateral right lower lung may represent a granuloma
    A: 3-4 mm rounded calcified nodule in the right lung apex most consistent with a calcified granuloma
    A: A nodular hyperdensity projecting over the right lower lung could represent a vessel or a calcified granuloma
    A: The previously described right lateral mid zone presumed granuloma is obscured by pacemaker leads on the current study
    A: No pleural effusion or pneumothorax , Severe bilateral apical thickening and likely calcified granulomas are unchanged from prior
    A: Lungs and pleural surfaces are clear except for a small calcified granuloma in the left upper lobe. Small calcified granuloma in left upper lobe
    A: Patchy retrocardiac opacity is re- demonstrated , likely reflective of the patient's pneumonia , Calcified granuloma in the right upper lobe is unchanged
    A: Mediastinal and hilar contours are similar with enlargement of the right hilum compatible with granulomatous adenopathy. Punctate calcified granulomas in the left lung base are unchanged
    A: There is a stable nodule in the left mid lung , dating back to , consistent with a benign finding , most likely a granuloma. Another denser nodular opacity in the left apex is also seen , likely representing a calcified granuloma


61) lucencies?:

    A: the mass is no longer showing a central lucency
    A: Lucency under the left hemidiaphragm is likely in the stomach
    A: The lungs are hyperexpanded and hyperlucent , consistent with emphysema
    A: Lungs are hyperinflated and lucent compatible with known severe emphysema
    A: Retrosternal lucencies on the lateral view or likely related to recent sternotomy
    A: The linear lucencies projecting over the left lateral hemithorax appears to be a skin full
    A: The lungs are hyperinflated with upper lobe lucency , compatible with known underlying emphysema
    A: A rounded lucent focus is again seen in the lateral view and likely represents a small hiatal hernia
    A: The previously seen irregular focal opacity in the left base and adjacent lucency is no longer apparent
    A: The lungs are hyperexpanded and hyperlucent , the hemidiaphragms are flattenend , raising the likelihood of COPD
    A: The left upper lobe consolidation has slightly decreased in size , the small area of central lucency is stable in size
    A: There are vague medial upper lung opacities bilaterally with small lucencies suggesting air bronchograms but possibly lung cysts
    A: There is still subtle lucency adjacent to the AP window suggesting persistent pneumothorax , no discrete pleural line is identified
    A: There is apparent increase in lucency in the left costophrenic sulcus , this is an upright study and no pneumothorax can be identified at the apex
    A: The lungs are hyperinflated with lucency of the lung apices and attenuation of the pulmonary vascular markings compatible with severe bullous emphysema
    A: Hyperlucency of the left lung apex and downward displacement of the hilus suggest patient may have had left lower lobectomy , sternal wires indicate median sternotomy
    A: Minimal lucency along the left mediastinum could also be due to the pneumothorax. There is relative lucency along the right chest laterally. Lucency at right lateral lung base
    A: Tiny lucency about the right diaphragm may represent tiny pneumothorax or free abdominal air. Tiny lucency about right hemidiaphragm may represent tiny basilar pneumothorax or free abdominal air
    A: Linear lucency along the left heart border seen on the prior radiograph from earlier today is less conspicuous on the present study. Previously seen lucency along the left heart border is less conspicuous on the present study
    A: Unchanged lucency under the diaphragm mostly represents distended colon , as well as possibly a small amount of postoperative pneumoperitoneum. Unchanged subdiaphragmatic lucency mostly represents distended colon , as well as possibly a small amount of postoperative pneumoperitoneum


62) fibrosis?:

    A: Bibasilar fibrotic changes are stable
    A: The major pulmonary abnormality is fibrosis
    A: There is some residual pleural fluid with fibrotic changes
    A: No evidence of pulmonary fibrosis or other diffuse lung disease
    A: documented lung fibrosis , with small lung volumes and reticular opacities
    A: Severe pulmonary fibrosis since , now severe in the mid and lower lung zones
    A: Upper lungs are grossly clear aside from the chronic fibrotic lesion in the left upper lobe
    A: The right upper lung process most likely reflects fibrotic healing of previously described lesion
    A: Right upper lobe paramediastinal fibrosis and atelectasis is again seen due to prior radiation treatment
    A: No acute chest pathology , with mild biapical architectural distortion which can be seen in cystic fibrosis
    A: There is bilateral parenchymal distortion with fibrotic changes at the bases consistent with fibrotic lung disease
    A: Pulmonary fibrosis limited to the lung bases may be minimally worse , the mid and upper lung zones are essentially clear
    A: Relative lucency projecting over the apices , right worse than left with adjacent fibrotic changes and scarring is unchanged from
    A: The heart appears enlarged , the overall mediastinal and hilar configuration is abnormal , though in this patient with paramediastinal fibrosis
    A: Increased interstitial markings seen at the periphery of the lung , right greater than left compatible with previously noted subpleural fibrotic changes
    A: The previously described increased interstitial prominence reflective of chronic fibrotic changes involving the left lower lobe is again seen. Stable bibasilar scarring/fibrosis
    A: Predominantly peripheral and basilar regions of increased interstitial markings appear stable compared to the prior exam and are likely secondary to fibrotic changes and bronchiectasis
    A: Opacification at both lung bases has increased since consistent with aspiration , the lateral view shows that the underlying abnormality in the lower lungs is severe reticulation , which could be bronchiectasis or pulmonary fibrosis
    A: The lungs are well expanded and show a persistent right mediastinal opacity consistent with radiation fibrosis from known lung cancer treatment. Essentially unchanged right paramediastinal fibrosis with a loculated right lower lobe effusion
    A: Extensive fibrosis is again noted in the right lung , there is interval increased opacification over the right middle and lower lobes , possibly reflective of worsening fibrosis though superimposed pneumonia or edema is not excluded. Fibrotic changes are also noted along the left lung base. Worsening right lung opacity may reflect progression of fibrosis though superimposed pneumonia or edema is not excluded


63) pneumomediastinum?:

    A: No pneumomediastinum
    A: No signs of pneumomediastinum
    A: No signs suggesting pneumomediastinum
    A: There is no evidence of pneumomediastinum
    A: There is no pneumothorax or pneumomediastinum
    A: No evidence of pneumothorax or pneumomediastinum
    A: There is no evidence of pneumomediastinum or pneumothorax
    A: No evidence of pneumomediastinum or definite pneumothorax
    A: There are no pleural effusions , pneumothorax , or pneumomediastinum
    A: No free subdiaphragmatic gas , pneumoperitoneum or pneumomediastinum
    A: Improvement in right paramediastinal air collection status post amplatz plug
    A: No pneumomediastinum , pleural effusions , or metallic foreign body is identified
    A: a tracheostomy tube has been placed in standard position with no evidence of pneumomediastinum
    A: Cardiomediastinal silhouette has a normal postoperative appearance , pneumomediastinum is resolving
    A: The patient is status post removal of an esophageal stent , with no evidence of post-procedural pneumomediastinum
    A: There may be a very small amount of pneumomediastinum highlighting the descending thoracic aorta , probably not significant
    A: Small right apical and small left apicolateral pneumothoraces are present , as well as diffuse subcutaneous emphysema and mild pneumomediastinum
    A: Linear lucency seen adjacent to the level of the ascending aorta is felt to be artifactual and represent air in the right mainstem bronchus rather than pneumomediastinum
    A: Mediastinal lucencies concerning for pneumomediastinum , subcutaneous emphysema , subdiaphragmatic free air , in the setting of recent surgery may reflect air dissecting along the fascial planes
    A: Small pneumomediastinum , seen best over the aortopulmonic window , could be residual of recent surgery , which is also responsible for small bilateral pleural effusions layering posteriorly and secondarily for a moderate left lower lobe atelectasis


64) bleeding?:

    A: Please note that hemorrhage cannot be excluded
    A: I suspect there was a pneumonia or pulmonary hemorrhage on
    A: No pneumothorax , pleural effusion or evidence of pulmonary hemorrhage
    A: Post by optic opacities around the right hilus likely reflect local hemorrhage
    A: The findings would be consistent with permeability edema or diffuse pulmonary hemorrhage
    A: Right lower lung consolidation concerning for hemorrhage and /or pneumonia has further resolved
    A: there has been significant interval widening of the mediastinum , concerning for postoperative hemorrhage
    A: There is a small amount of newly visible pleural thickening in this area , consistent with edema/hemorrhage
    A: This is later then usual for re-expansion pulmonary edema and raises concern for pneumonia or pulmonary hemorrhage
    A: Large scale opacification of the right lung has worsened , consistent with progressive pneumonia or aspiration or hemorrhage
    A: The opacities on the right require close radiographic followup and could be related to either pulmonary edema or parenchymal bleeding
    A: More severe pulmonary opacification is present in the left lung , which could be asymmetric edema or concurrent pneumonia or pulmonary hemorrhage
    A: There is a diffuse bilateral airspace process which would be concerning for pulmonary hemorrhage or aspiration given the patient's recent history of trauma
    A: Right lower lobe opacity is likely hemorrhage status post right lower lobe bronchoscopy. Right lower lobe opacity is likely hemorrhage status post bronchoscopy
    A: Greater consolidation in the right mid lung of the diffuse infiltrative pulmonary abnormality could be due to progression of pneumonia , mild edema or local pulmonary hemorrhage
    A: The latter opacity may be explained by pulmonary hemorrhage and the dense lobulated apperance of opacities , concern is for hemorrhagic metastatic disease in the right middle lobe appear
    A: there again is a opacification at both bases , more prominent on the right , either or both of which could represent pulmonary hemorrhage or aspirated blood or be a manifestation of superimposed pneumonia
    A: The localized nature of this process more likely represents hemorrhage or infectious process rather than reexpansion edema. Hazy opacities involving the right middle and lower lobes most likely represents hemorrhage or infectious process
    A: Postoperative appearance of the right hilus is stable , there is greater opacification at the periphery of the right lung that should be reevaluated after the lung reexpansion to make sure it is atelectasis and not hemorrhage or pneumonia
    A: Greater opacification in the lower lungs due largely to pulmonary metastases has increased and is most readily explained by mild pulmonary edema but pulmonary hemorrhage is an alternative and given the severe extent of pulmonary metastasis , I would probably not recognize early pneumonia


65) bowel?:

    A: Dilated loops of small bowel are seen
    A: Visualized bowel gas pattern is nonobstructive
    A: The bowel gas pattern in the upper abdomen is normal
    A: Large and small bowel are generally , severely dilated
    A: Bowel loop projecting in the left upper quadrant is distended
    A: Multiple air-filled loops of bowel project over the upper abdomen
    A: Gaseous distension of bowel loops in the left upper quadrant is noted
    A: Residual contrast in the bowel loops , partially imaged in the upper abdomen
    A: There is an unremarkable bowel gas pattern in the upper portion of the abdomen
    A: Barium is seen within the bowel and surgical clips are in the right upper quadrant
    A: Dilated loops of small bowel are again appreciated predominantly in the left upper quadrant
    A: High density material noted within the bowel likely from previously administered enteric contrast
    A: ABDOMEN : Two frontal views of the abdomen , upright and supine , show no distention of large or small bowel
    A: The position of the left chest tube is difficult to assess , as its tip is presumed to be superimposed over ribs and bowel
    A: Retrocardiac opacity with rounded rounded lucencies , represents diaphragmatic hernia containing stomach and large bowel loops
    A: Curvilinear lucency within the left upper quadrant of the abdomen is compatible with gas within a colonic loop of bowel , is not extraluminal
    A: Partially evaluated gaseous distention of multiple upper abdominal bowel loops. Incompletely evaluated gaseous distention of multiple upper abdominal bowel loops
    A: Distended loops of bowel in the upper abdomen have been more fully evaluated by CT abdomen study performed earlier the same date , with reported high-grade small bowel obstruction
    A: An air filled loop of bowel or stomach is partially visualized in the left upper quadrant. Increase in size of hiatal hernia and large air filled loop of bowel or stomach in the left upper quadrant could signify a gastrointestinal issue
    A: There is mild elevation of the left hemidiaphragm with gaseous distention of stomach and possibly bowel beneath. Mild elevation left hemidiaphragm with gaseous distention of stomach and possibly bowel beneath , correlate with gastrointestinal symptoms


66) lymph nodes?:

    A: Known calcified paratracheal lymph nodes
    A: Calcified hilar lymph nodes are also unchanged
    A: Granulomatous right hilar lymph node calcifications noted
    A: Prior left axilla lymph node dissection and left mastectomy
    A: There is no evidence of mediastinal or hilar lymph node enlargement
    A: No pleural abnormality or evidence of central lymph node enlargement
    A: There is no pleural effusion or evidence of central lymph node enlargement
    A: Calcified lymph nodes are noted in the subcarinal region on the lateral view
    A: There is no pleural abnormality or strong evidence of central lymph node enlargement
    A: Small opacity in the left hemithorax corresponds to calcified lymph node on prior CT from
    A: Vascular clips denote prior left axillary surgery , often seen following lymph node dissection
    A: Lungs are clear and there is no pleural abnormality or evidence of central lymph node enlargement
    A: No pulmonary vascular abnormality , pleural effusion , or good evidence for central lymph node enlargement
    A: Fullness in the right lower paratracheal station is due either to a distended azygos vein or enlarged lymph nodes
    A: Multiple calcified mediastinal and hilar lymph nodes are again demonstrated as well as calcified granulomas within the lungs
    A: Mediastinal and hilar contours are relatively unchanged with calcified lymph nodes again likely reflective of prior granulomatous disease
    A: There is intra thoracic lymphadenopathy particularly in the lower right paratracheal and bilateral hilar nodes which correlate with findings of chest CT
    A: There could be tiny granulomatous calcifications in otherwise normal size hilar lymph nodes , there has been no change since to suggest this is an active process
    A: Mild lobulation of the upper pole of the left hilus and fullness in the right lower paratracheal station mediastinum could be due to lymph node enlargement , the left hilar appearance is little changed
    A: Bronchial obstruction by large , presumably malignant , left hilar mass responsible for left upper lobe collapse , possible left phrenic nerve palsy , extending to ipsilateral and contralateral medistinal lymph nodes


67) shadow?:

    A: Nipple shadows are noted bilaterally
    A: Heart shadow is now entirely obscured
    A: Nipple shadows are again noted bilaterally
    A: Again noted is a prominent right nipple shadow
    A: Left nipple shadow should not be mistaken for a lung nodule
    A: There is a likely nipple shadow projecting over the left lower lobe
    A: Rounded bibasilar opacities are unchanged and likely represent nipple shadows
    A: At least two of these appear nodular , one of them is suggestive of a nipple shadow
    A: Minimal pneumothorax on the left cannot be excluded , might represent summation of shadows
    A: Large ring shadow in the axillary right upper lobe is longstanding , perhaps saccular bronchiectasis
    A: Hila are prominent , this likely reflects vascular shadows , no good evidence of lymphadenopathy is seen
    A: Ill-defined haze over the right upper medial lung is likely from mediastinal shadow owing to rotation of the patient
    A: A nodular opacity in the right lower lobe appears to be a nipple shadow and is unchanged compared to multiple prior studies
    A: NUMBER cm ovoid opacity at the right base may reflect nipple shadow. NUMBER cm ovoid opacity at the right base may reflect a nipple shadow
    A: A subtle nodular density is new at the left lung base seen only on the frontal projection may represent a nipple shadow or possibly early focus of pneumonia
    A: Apparent nodular opacity at the right lung apex is likely due to summation shadows from ribs. No visualized right apical nodule , which was likely due to summation of shadows
    A: There is a vague nodular opacity which projects over the right seventh posterior rib , possibly representing confluence of shadows though difficult to exclude a true pulmonary nodule
    A: 7mm round opacities projecting over each anterior interspace are probably nipple shadows , because they are of different attenuation should be confirmed with SHALLOW OBLIQUE views employing nipple markers
    A: It is unclear if this is an artifact from rib shadowing. An opacity along the minor fissure seen only on the lateral view could be rib shadowing , developing pneumonia in the right middle lobe or lingula cannot be ruled out in correct clinical setting
    A: The heart shadow remains similar in size , there is now a remaining postoperative obliteration of the diaphragmatic contour and some blunting of the posterior pleural sinuses bilaterally on the lateral view suggestive of some remaining bilateral pleural effusion postoperatively


68) trauma?:

    A: No acute traumatic injury
    A: No traumatic abnormality identified
    A: No radiographic evidence of trauma in the chest
    A: Exam is limited secondary to overlying trauma board
    A: underlying trauma/pulmonary contusion not entirely excluded
    A: A trauma board slightly limits evaluation of these radiographs
    A: A traumatic deformity of the right posterior fifth rib appears unchanged
    A: conventional radiographs are not sensitive for evaluation of traumatic injury
    A: Osseous fragmentation of the distal right clavicle is compatible with remote trauma
    A: Evidence of old multiple right-sided rib trauma with corresponding deformities as before
    A: This could represent posttraumatic pulmonary hemorrhage or aspiration or infectious process
    A: Of incidental note are apparent rib deformities in the right upper zone consistent with previous trauma
    A: Whether it is fissural or in the pleural space or has traumatized the lung is radiographically indeterminate
    A: Subtle opacity of the right lower lung could reflect atelectasis or infection , less likely contusion after trauma
    A: Please note that radiographs are insensitive for bony trauma , a CT or dedicated rib series may be helpful for further evaluation
    A: Right apical pleural calcifications , healed right rib fractures , vascular clips in the right anterior chest wall may be related to previous trauma
    A: Recommend correlation with history of trauma to this site or history of infection. Recommend correlation with history of trauma or infection to this site
    A: Post-traumatic and surgical changes noted in the right upper lung with a 2 mm metallic density likely representing a surgical clip viewed on end , cannot exclude shrapnel related to gunshot wound
    A: If the demonstration of trauma to the chest wall is clinically warranted , the location of any referrable focal findings should be clearly marked and imaged with either bone detail radiographs or Chest CT scanning
    A: There is increased opacity along the right mid-to-lower lateral hemithorax , which may relate to prior trauma/rib fractures , possible pleural thickening. Pleural thickening along the mid-to-lower lateral right hemithorax could relate to prior trauma. Correlate with history of prior trauma/prior


69) thyroid?:

    A: Known partly calcified thyroid goiter
    A: This is most commonly due to an enlarged thyroid
    A: Thyroid enlargement with impression on right aspect of trachea
    A: Leftward deviation of the trachea suggests right thyroid enlargement
    A: Clips are noted within the left neck compatible prior left hemithyroidectomy
    A: Tracheal deviation in the neck is usually explained by left thyroid mass or nodule
    A: The trachea is somewaht deviated to the left likely due to an enlarged thyroid gland
    A: Rightward deviation of the trachea is re- demonstrated and due to a left-sided thyroid nodule
    A: There is displacement of the lower cervical trachea to the right , consistent with a thyroid mass
    A: Thyroid enlargement as seen on a prior CT chest likely accounts for superior mediastinal enlargement
    A: metabolic disorder , disseminated fungal disease , or thyroid cancer , miliary tuberculosis must be excluded
    A: Unchanged sternal wires , clips in the thyroid region and a left pectoral pacemaker with normally positioned leads
    A: Deviation of the trachea to the left is from an enlarged right thyroid gland that is better evaluated on the recent CT of
    A: Deviation of the trachea to the left at the thoracic inlet raising the possibility of underlying right-sided thyroid enlargement
    A: Narrowing of the upper trachea can be seen with an enlarged thyroid. Narrowing of the upper trachea , which may be due to an enlarged thyroid
    A: Large superior mediastinal mass is in keeping with known thyroid malignancy , widespread pulmonary nodules are in keeping with known pulmonary metastases
    A: There is a persistent right superior mediastinal mass , which is felt to most likely correspond to a thyroid goiter as evident on a CTA of the head and neck performed on
    A: Given no correlative finding on thyroid U/S , recommend non-urgent CT neck. Anterior mediastinal opacity more conspicuous since without definite correlative finding on thyroid ultrasound
    A: Prominence of right superior mediastinal contour appears to correspond to tortuous brachiocephalic vessels on recent CT , thyroid enlargement may contribute to this appearance in the upper paratracheal region
    A: Leftward displacement of the trachea at the thoracic inlet is most commonly due to an enlarged thyroid gland , there was none on when a neck CT was performed and the appearance has not changed since , so it is presumably due to displacement by a tortuous innominate artery


70) bronchogram?:

    A: A few air bronchograms are visualize
    A: The opacity shows air bronchograms and causes volume loss
    A: There are also streaky left infrahilar opacities with air bronchograms
    A: Mild progression of the diffuse alveolar opacities with air bronchograms
    A: There are relatively dense bilateral alveolar infiltrates with air bronchograms
    A: Superinfection cannot be excluded with subtle suggestio of associated air bronchograms
    A: lateral chest radiographs demonstrate opacification of the left lower lobe with air bronchograms
    A: Mild progression of the known bilateral severe and diffuse parenchymal opacities with air bronchograms
    A: Relatively extensive left-sided parenchymal opacities with air bronchograms , likely reflecting pneumonia
    A: Asymmetric central opacity with air bronchograms , greater on the left , may reflect component of asymmetric edema
    A: Residual consolidation in the left lower lobe is indicated by air bronchograms projecting over the retrocardiac region
    A: a left upper lobe predominant similar opacity has developed , showing air bronchograms and an alveolar pattern of radiodensity
    A: the pre-existing opacity at the right lung base is slightly improved but still clearly visible , showing multiple air bronchograms
    A: The only region of focal pulmonary abnormality is in the left lower lobe where air bronchograms barely visible through the cardiac silhouette
    A: the patient has developed bilateral subtle parenchymal opacities with air bronchograms , predominating in both upper lobes , right more than left
    A: The parenchymal opacities , bilateral in the lung parenchyma , with ill-defined margins and multiple air bronchograms , are unchanged in extent and severity
    A: Minimal parenchymal opacity with air bronchograms at the lower aspect of the right hilus , in the appropriate clinical setting , the findings could reflect pneumonia
    A: Consolidation with air bronchograms in the right lung base is accompanied by a moderate pleural effusion , which has apparently increased in size , positional differences limited comparison
    A: Extensive consolidative opacities seen involving nearly the entire left lung with air bronchograms and additional focal opacities in the right mid lung field are concerning for extensive multifocal pneumonia
    A: All there is alveolar opacity throughout much of the right lung , most pronounced in the mid and lower zones , with apparent air bronchograms and maturation of a right costophrenic angle and without aeration of right hemidiaphragm and its extreme lateral edge. There is increased retrocardiac density , with obscuration left hemidiaphragm and probable air bronchograms , consistent with left lower lobe collapse and consolidation


71) contrast?:

    A: with contrast
    A: CT chest without contrast on
    A: CT chest without contrast from
    A: Residual contrast in the bowel loops
    A: Same-day CT abdomen and pelvis with contrast
    A: Recommend CT with contrast for further evaluation
    A: without contrast from and lateral chest radiograph from
    A: Residual contrast is seen within the esophagus and stomach
    A: Further assessment with contrast-enhanced chest CT is recommended
    A: Contrast material is seen within the colon at the splenic flexure
    A: Further evaluation with a dedicated chest CT with contrast may be helpful
    A: The prior study recommended further evaluation with chest CT with IV contrast
    A: Residual enteric contrast material was seen within loops of bowel in the upper abdomen
    A: Excretion of contrast within the right renal collecting system with apparent hydronephrosis
    A: Radiopaque material in the left upper quadrant likely related to ingested contrast for a recent video swallow
    A: Given patient's recurrent pneumonias , recommend further evaluation with contrast enhanced chest CT/pulmonary evaluation
    A: Radiopaque contrast from a recently performed barium esophagram opacifies partially imaged loops of colon in the upper abdomen
    A: There is still persistent evidence of contrast material within the distal esophagus/gastroesophageal junction , concerning for abnormal peristalsis/obstruction
    A: with intravenous contrast. If for some reason the patient's renal function does not permit use of intravenous contrast agent I would recommend a noncontrast MRI all as an alternative
    A: Distention of the neoesophagus has improved minimally , contrast agent is still retained. Volume of fluid in the neoesophagus has increased , there is new outlining of suture along the upper curvature with contrast material


72) peribronchial cuffing?:

    A: Right peribronchial cuffing is also noted
    A: At the right lung base , mild peribronchial thickening persists
    A: Subtle bronchial cuffing is present , compatible with inflammatory change
    A: Bronchial wall thickening is a mild , may relate to acute bronchial inflammation
    A: There is minimal interstitial edema and mild peripheral edema as well as peribronchial cuffing
    A: There is bilateral bronchial wall thickening , reflective of nonspecific inflammatory airway disease
    A: No bronchial wall thickening within the limitations and resolution of this study technique demonstrated
    A: Pulmonary vasculature is engorged and there is peribronchial cuffing in the setting of moderate pulmonary edema
    A: There are also new ill-defined nodular opacities with bronchial wall thickening in the left upper and mid lung fields
    A: MINIMAL BIBASAL OPACITIES ARE PRESENT , MOST LIKELY REPRESENT KNOWN BRONCHIECTASIS WITH ONLY MINIMAL BRONCHIAL WALL THICKENING
    A: There is mild central peribronchial cuffing particularly on the left lung base which may indicate small airway disease or bronchitis
    A: Bronchiectasis , bronchial wall thickening and architectural distortion consistent with chronic lung disease is seen. There is bronchial wall thickening
    A: Bronchial wall thickening suggests small airways disease versus bronchitis. Mild bronchial wall thickening suggesting small airways disease versus bronchitis
    A: Bronchial thickening is most conspicuous in the left lower lung , suggestive of small airways disease. Bronchial wall thickening is suggestive of small airways disease
    A: There may be subtle bronchial wall thickening which can be seen in small airways disease. Possible small subtle bronchial wall thickening which can be seen in small airways disease
    A: Peribronchial wall thickening is noted , most prominent in the right perihilar region. Peribronchial wall thickening is suggestive of acute bronchitis in the appropriate clinical setting
    A: There may be mild diffuse peribronchial wall thickening , suggestive of small airways inflammation. Mild peribronchial cuffing may represent small airways inflammation in the appropriate clinical setting
    A: The lungs are well expanded with bilateral basal left greater than right linear opacities consistent with bronchial wall thickening and bronchiectasis seen on the prior CT , likely reflecting chronic/recurrent aspiration
    A: Patchy opacities are seen in the right lower lobe , which also shows mild bronchiectasis with peribronchial thickening. Findings consistent with right lower lobe pneumonia on the setting of right lower lobe bronchiectasis and peribronchial thickening suggestive of bronchitis
    A: Patchy opacity is noted within the right lower lobe and to a lesser extent within the left lower lobe with bronchial wall thickening , findings compatible with known bronchiectasis and probable small airways infection or inflammation. Patchy bilateral lower lobe airspace opacities with bronchial wall thickening , more pronounced in the right lower lobe , compatible with bronchiectasis and small airways infectious or inflammatory process


73) pneumoperitoneum?:

    A: No pneumoperitoneum
    A: Moderate pneumoperitoneum
    A: There is no pneumoperitoneum
    A: Possible new pneumoperitoneum
    A: No evidence of pneumoperitoneum
    A: There is no pneumoperitoneum present
    A: Findings consistent with pneumoperitoneum
    A: there is still a substantial pneumoperitoneum
    A: smaller pneumoperitoneum status post G-tube placement
    A: No pneumomediastinum or subdiaphragmatic pneumoperitoneum
    A: There is no pneumoperitoneum. No pneumothorax or pneumoperitoneum
    A: Gas in the splenic flexure should not be mistaken for pneumoperitoneum
    A: Large pneumoperitoneum which may have been present earlier is much larger
    A: Pneumoperitoneum is demonstrated , slightly more conspicuous than on the prior study
    A: New pneumoperitoneum since concerning for intestinal leak given no intervening surgeries
    A: no pneumoperitoneum is seen unless the examination was performed with the patient substantially upright
    A: Subcutaneous emphysema and pneumoperitoneum in the left upper abdominal quadrant reflect the recent abdominal surgery
    A: Pneumoperitoneum is relatively unchanged compared to the previous exam. Pneumoperitoneum , not significantly changed from the previous exam
    A: complete resolution of pneumoperitoneum and subcutaneous emphysema. Minimal residual pneumomediastinum , otherwise complete resolution of pneumoperitoneum and subcutaneous emphysema
    A: The right hemidiaphragm is separated from the liver by lucency consistent with pneumoperitoneum and pneumomediastinum is evident as well. Pneumoperitoneum , pneumomediastinum and extensive subcutaneous emphysema without definite visible pneumothorax


74) airways?:

    A: The central airways are patent
    A: Feeding tube has been removed from the airway
    A: Bronchial wall thickening may suggest airways disease
    A: Severe hyperinflation suggests emphysema or small airway obstruction
    A: This study does not constitute a reliable assessment of the central airways
    A: Mild diffuse interstitial markings are likely reflective of chronic airways disease
    A: Mild perihilar bronchial wall thickening could represent acute or chronic airways disease
    A: Persistent bronchial wall thickening at the lung bases , suggestive of chronic airways disease
    A: There are no radiopaque foreign bodies within the airways , esophagus or imaged portion of the stomach
    A: Very poor definition of the airway in both main bronchi raises concern for severe retention of secretions
    A: Multi focal airway centric abnormalities in the mid and lower lungs appear relatively similar to the prior study
    A: Left hilar prominence with perihilar opacity as on recent CT likely reflects known tumor and central airway inflammation
    A: The right upper lung and the entire left lung are clear and the left lung is hyperinflated suggesting airway obstruction or emphysema
    A: Multiple portable chest radiographs demonstrates a enteric tube seen coursing in the anticipated course of the left main bronchus and airway
    A: Portable semi-upright radiograph of the chest demonstrates hyperinflated lungs with prominent interstitial markings , or may represent small airways disease
    A: Within the left lung , there is an apparent new reticular pattern , possibly due to worsening diffuse small airways disease , differences in lung volumes limit comparison
    A: Central airways bilaterally are suggestive of airway inflammation , otherwise the lungs appear clear. Findings suggestive of airway inflammation including suspected slight right middle lobe atelectasis
    A: Right lower lung zone white out , which might be the result of airway obstruction with post-obstructive pneumonia , collapse (though lack of volume loss argues against this) , or paralysis of the right hemidiaphragm
    A: Diffuse predominantly mid and lower lobe interstitial lung opacities are present , representing either atypical/opportunistic infection (such as Pneumocystis) , dependent distribution of interstitial edema or inflammatory airway disease mimicking interstitial lung disease
    A: Diffuse bronchiectasis with airway wall thickening and ill-defined nodular opacities are compatible with the airways inflammation and /or infection. Findings compatible with prior tuberculosis infection and diffuse bronchiectasis with evidence of airways inflammation or infection


75) bowel obstruction and loops?:

    A: Severely distended bowel loops again noted
    A: Dilated loops of bowel suggestive of adynamic ileus
    A: Residual contrast is seen in non-distended loops of colon
    A: There are also several prominent air-distended loops of bowel
    A: Oral contrast resides within the loops of small and large bowel
    A: There are some prominent loops of small bowel gas in the upper abdomen
    A: Prominent air filled bowel loops are located below the left hemidiaphragm
    A: Gas-filled dilated bowel loops in the upper abdomen , may reflect 's syndrome
    A: A large left diaphragmatic hernia contains loops of bowel and appears similar in size
    A: An apparent lucency under the right hemidiaphragm represents superimposed large bowel loops
    A: Mild dilatation of the small bowel loops in this patient after recent abdominal surgery is noted
    A: Dilated small bowel loops are nonspecific in particular in the left abdomen approaching NUMBER cm
    A: Caliber of the distended proximal and middle small bowel , corresponds to the appearance on yesterday's abdomen CT
    A: linear lucency inferior to the heart is likely air within a loop of bowel rather than pneumomediastinum or pneumoperitoneum
    A: Dense material is noted within colonic loops of bowel within the upper abdomen , likely reflecting residual oral contrast material
    A: Continued dilatation of loops of bowel in the left upper quadrant , it is somewhat difficult to determine whether they reflect large or small bowel
    A: Gas-filled loops of small bowel in the upper abdomen are noted , measuring up to NUMBER cm in diameter. Prominent gas-filled loops of small bowel in the upper abdomen
    A: There is diffuse gaseous distention of bowel loops as well as the stomach within the upper abdomen. Diffuse gaseous distention of the stomach and bowel loops within the imaged upper abdomen
    A: The left hemidiaphragm is elevated , with underlying loop of gas distended bowel (probable gastric fundus). Distended loops of bowel noted in the upper abdomen , the abdominal gas pattern not effectively evaluated
    A: Limited assessment of the upper abdomen demonstrates 3 stacked mildly dilated loops of bowel within the left upper quadrant. Findings concerning for small-bowel obstruction have been more fully evaluated by dedicated abdominal CT


76) sulci?:

    A: no evidence of superior sulcus tumor
    A: Left lateral pleural sulcus is chronically scarred
    A: Hyperlucent left hemithorax with deep sulcus suggests pneumothorax
    A: Blunting along the left costophrenic sulcus , probably due to scarring
    A: There is mild pleural residual scaring in the left lateral sulcus that is unchanged
    A: Slight blunting of left costophrenic sulcus is suggestive of a small pleural effusion
    A: There is blunting at the right costophrenic sulcus , with prominent interstitial markings
    A: Blunting of the left costophrenic sulcus posteriorly may suggest a trace left pleural effusion
    A: The left costophrenic sulcus and posterior costophrenic recess appear sharper on today's examination
    A: A spine sign as well as patchy opacities in the posterior costophrenic sulci are seen in the lateral view
    A: Blunting at the left costophrenic sulcus is unchanged and may be due to a small effusion or pleural thickening
    A: Minimal blunting of the costophrenic sulci posteriorly may suggest the presence of trace bilateral pleural effusions
    A: Minimal blunting of the left posterior costophrenic sulcus on the lateral view may suggest a trace left pleural effusion
    A: Mild blunting of the posterior costophrenic sulcus on the right side since , is likely scarring or chronic pleural thickening
    A: Slight blunting of the right posterior lateral costophrenic sulcus may be due to scarring , a tiny pleural effusion could be considered
    A: the moderate left pleural effusion has significantly decreased and only a small residual pleural effusion in the posterior costophrenic sulcus remains
    A: New lucency is demonstrated within the medial aspect of the right lung base , with a deep sulcus sign on the right indicative of a right-sided pneumothorax
    A: The amount of pleural fluid has increased slightly in the lateral costophrenic sulcus region , the basilar component of the left pneumothorax in this region has slightly decreased
    A: On lateral radiograph , a fluid meniscus in the the right posterior costophrenic sulcus was not seen 6 days prior A small area of atelectasis on the lateral view cannot be further localized to either hemithorax
    A: There is a new opacity at the left base partially obscuring the left hemidiaphragm and blunting of the left posterior costophrenic sulcus , concerning for pneumonia and small pleural effusion. New opacity at the left base and blunting of the left posterior costophrenic sulcus , concerning for pneumonia with possible small pleural effusion


77) bronchiectasis?:

    A: Unchanged bronchiectasis within the lung bases
    A: This could be due to localized fibrosis or bronchiectasis
    A: Postinflammatory pneumatocele , /or bronchiectasis , left midlung
    A: Bilateral perihilar bronchiectasis associated with linear opacities are stable
    A: There is diffuse bilateral prominence of the interstitial lung markings , bronchiectasis
    A: There is bronchiectasis at the right upper lobe and note is made of a small right pleural effusion
    A: there again are coarse interstitial markings at the bases consistent with the diagnosis of bronchiectasis
    A: Fibrosis with bronchiectasis in the lung apices is unchanged. Fibrosis with bronchiectasis in the upper lobes and emphysema
    A: Unchanged plate-like lingular atelectasis and stable left lower lobe chronic bronchiectasis. Chronic left lower lobe bronchiectasis
    A: These include large areas of bronchiectasis , which in the right upper lobe there is densely consolidated due to chronic atelectasis
    A: There is heterogeneous consolidation in the right upper lobe , with possible underlying bronchiectasis. Possible right upper lobe bronchiectasis
    A: Volume loss with traction bronchiectasis and calcified granulomas in the left upper lobe are unchanged , with the remainder of the lungs appearing clear
    A: Peripheral and basilar predominant coarse heterogeneous opacities with fibrosis and associated bronchiectasis are compatible with chronic interstitial lung disease
    A: A bandlike opacity projecting over the right mid lung corresponds to right middle lobe bronchiectasis and atelectasis. Chronic right middle lobe bronchiectasis and atelectasis
    A: At the left base , hazy opacification likely represents the patient's known left basilar bronchiectasis and scarring. Stable left upper lobe scarring , left basilar bronchiectasis , bibasilar atelectasis
    A: There are extensive interstitial changes within the lungs , left more than right involving both apex and lower lobes with honeycomb being and potentially traction bronchiectasis , reflecting known fibrosis
    A: Opacification at both lung bases has increased since consistent with aspiration , the lateral view shows that the underlying abnormality in the lower lungs is severe reticulation , which could be bronchiectasis or pulmonary fibrosis
    A: Widespread chronic interstitial fibrotic changes , bilateral lower lobe bronchiectasis , extensive subpleural nodularity persists. Chronic interstitial fibrotic changes , lower lobe bronchiectasis , extensive subpleural nodularity is similar compared to prior studies
    A: Again seen is severe bronchiectasis affecting the right middle and lower lobes as well as the left lower lobe. There maybe slight worsening of bronchiectasis in left lower lobe. No significant change in severe bronchiectasis in the right middle and right lower lobes. Possible interval worsening in left lower lobe bronchiectasis
    A: the consolidation in the right middle lobe (which was new from the chest CT in which showed only bronchiectasis in that region) , has cleared. the suggestion of new bronchiectasis where we saw lingular consolidation in and a small elliptical opacity in the right upper lobe , interposed between the anterior second and third ribs that could be a newly impacted dilated bronchus. what was probably acute multifocal pneumonia , perhaps in regions of preexisting bronchiectasis , has cleared since but the possibility of new bronchiectasis in the left lung and right apex would require chest CT for confirmation


78) radiation?:

    A: Right perihilar radiation fibrosis is chronic
    A: Radiation changes in the right lower lobe are unchanged
    A: Combination of right hilar adenopathy and radiation change has improved
    A: Mild right apical pleural thickening may be secondary to radiation therapy
    A: Scatter radiation related to the size of the patient somewhat degrades the image
    A: the study is severely limited by scattered radiation related to the size of the patient
    A: There is stable biapical pleural thickening possibly related to previous radiation therapy
    A: Some of this appearance could well represent scatter radiation related to the size of the patient
    A: Hazy opacity in the bilateral perihilar region are unusual and possibly related to prior radiation therapy
    A: Right apical parenchymal scarring appears similar to the prior study and may be due to previous radiation therapy
    A: A right perihilar airspace opacity corresponding to radiation pneumonitis is unchanged. Right lung radiation pneumonitis
    A: Areas of calcification in the hilar and paramediastinal regions are consistent with the clinical history of postradiation fibrosis
    A: resulting in poor quality imaging , which includes backscatter radiation artifacts apparent on the AP radiographs from the detector itself
    A: There is a similar amount of fluid seen layering along the minor fissure , which is chronically elevated from right upper lobe radiation change
    A: There is residual volume loss and streaky opacities likely due to post radiation changes. Unchanged volume loss and post radiation changes in the right upper lobe
    A: Bilateral upper lobe volume loss and upper lung predominant pleural and parenchymal fibrosis could potentially be due to previous radiation therapy given history of lymphoma
    A: There is some indistinctness of pulmonary vessels , which could reflect some elevated pulmonary venous pressure or even be related to some scatter radiation due to the size of the patient
    A: Radiation changes in the left paramediastinal area and left base are not significantly changed from the prior radiograph. Left paramediastinal and basilar radiation changes with a small left pleural effusion are stable from
    A: Right apical pleural thickening and scarring with associated calcification is re- demonstrated , likely reflective of prior post treatment changes from prior radiation therapy. Unchanged right apical pleural thickening and scarring compatible with prior radiation changes
    A: Reticular opacities of the right mid and upper lung with may be due to post radiative fibrotic change , postradiation pneumonia cannot be excluded. Increased reticular opacities of the right mid and upper lung may be due to postradiation fibrosis post radiation pneumonia cannot be excluded


79) air-fluid level?:

    A: Large hiatal hernia with air-fluid level
    A: A large hiatal hernia demonstrates an air-fluid level
    A: Moderate size hiatal hernia with air-fluid level is present
    A: There is a moderate hiatal hernia containing an air-fluid level
    A: there is unchanged evidence of a large hiatal hernia with air-fluid level
    A: An air-fluid level is seen in the left upper quadrant , within the gastric fundus
    A: The neoesophagus is seen projecting over the right hemithorax with an air-fluid level
    A: A moderate-to-large hiatal hernia is seen with air-fluid level in the posterior mediastinum
    A: There is a retrocardiac density containing an air-fluid level compatible with known hiatal hernia
    A: An air-fluid level in the posterior mediastinum is consistent with previous history of neo-esophagus
    A: At the site of a prior right-sided chest drain , there is now a rounded opacity with discrete air-fluid level
    A: This is not clearly identified on the lateral and there is no visualized air-fluid level to confirm hiatal hernia
    A: Multiple air-fluid levels seen within the upper abdomen corresponding with patient's known history of small bowel obstruction
    A: Several air-fluid levels are noted in the upper abdomen. Incidental note is made of multiple air-fluid levels in the upper abdomen
    A: There is a large hiatal hernia with an air-fluid level and some distension. Large hiatal hernia including mild distention and an air-fluid level
    A: There is no other abnormality seen along the sternum or in the retrosternal space , in particular no evidence of hemorrhage or pathological air-fluid levels
    A: A persistent air-fluid level in the posterior left chest and hazy increased density at the right lung base consistent with atelectasis , consolidation or pleural fluid is stable
    A: The neoesophagus appears slightly less distended but more fluid-filled with the air-fluid level now at the level of the fifth posterior rib and previously at the seventh posterior rib level
    A: The thoracic esophagus is diffusely distended and contains an air-fluid level within its lower thoracic portion. Distended thoracic esophagus with air-fluid level , suggesting esophageal dysmotility or achalasia
    A: there is a new air-fluid level identified in the retrocardiac region. COnsolidation with multiple air-fluid levels are identified within the right lung base as well , likely fluid within dilated bronchi as well. Superimposed air-fluid level in the left lung base medially , potentially air within enlarged bronchus versus cavitary pneumonia. Multiple air-fluid levels at the right lung base suggestive of fluid within dilated bronchi as demonstrated on previous exam


80) azygos vein?:

    A: Left PIC line ends in the azygos vein
    A: There is evidence of a dilated azygos vein
    A: Prominence of the azygos vein location is redemonstrated
    A: Prominence of the azygos vein suggests right heart failure
    A: The aorta is unremarkable and there is no distention of the azygos vein
    A: This appears to be predominantly due to distention of the azygos vein contour
    A: The mediastinal contours are stable with continued dilatation of the azygos vein
    A: Heart size and mediastinum are unchanged including cardiomegaly and distended azygos vein
    A: Dilation of the azygos vein and left atrium , in addition to mild pulmonary vascular congestion
    A: Non-distended azygos vein speaks against general fluid overload and favors assumption of left-sided CHF
    A: Cardiomegaly is accompanied by pulmonary vascular congestion , azygos vein distention , moderate pulmonary edema
    A: Fullness in the region of the azygous vein suggests increased central venous volume without overt pulmonary edema
    A: Cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable including substantial distention of the azygos vein , no overt pulmonary edema is seen
    A: there is less distention of the azygous vein and pulmonary vessels , previously reported interstitial edema is improved as well
    A: The cardiomediastinal and hilar contours are normal with increased distension of the azygos vein , reflecting increased intravascular volume
    A: Previously described vascular congestion , upper lung zone redistribution and prominence of the azygos vein have all completely resolved on this study
    A: Increased distention of the azygos vein compared to an outside study from one day earlier may be related to patient's position and central pulmonary vasculature is not congested
    A: it is accompanied by increased caliber to the azygos vein , the interval change could be due to cardiogenic edema , even if extensive pneumonia and noncardiogenic edema preceded
    A: attention was called to in interval increase in caliber of the azygos vein or other tissue in the right tracheobronchial angle. The azygos vein is smaller today , so is the heart , lower was not dilated previously
    A: There is an enlarged azygous vein which is suggestive of an elevated central venous pressure. Enlarged azygous vein suggests elevated central venous pressure , for which the differential diagnosis is isolated right heart failure , a pericardial effusion , or a large pulmonary embolism


81) colon?:

    A: Gaseous distention of the colon noted
    A: Considering prior history of colon cancer
    A: Prominent air-filled loops of colon are noted
    A: There remains contrast material within the colon
    A: Mildly Distended loops of colon left upper quadrant
    A: the colon is seen projecting below the right hemidiaphragm
    A: Distention of colon and small bowel seen in the upper abdomen
    A: Distension of the transverse colon and splenic flexure is noted
    A: High density material seen within the colon likely from recent CT scan
    A: The imaged portion of the colon in the upper abdomen is still distended
    A: Contrast is visualized in the colon secondary to recent contrast administration
    A: moderately gas-filled colon loops are seen , no gross interval change has occurred
    A: High density material in the colon is likely from prior enteric contrast administration
    A: Beneath the long or diaphragm the colon is moderately distended , the stomach is normal caliber
    A: In this patient with diaphragmatic hernias , air-filled loops of colon project over the left lung base
    A: Residual oral contrast is seen in the colon in the descending colon , with scattered contrast filled diverticuli noted
    A: Radiopaque contrast from a recently performed barium esophagram opacifies partially imaged loops of colon in the upper abdomen
    A: Stomach remains severely distended with gas , one can see in the right upper quadrant that the colon is appreciably distended as well
    A: There is no evidence of free intraperitoneal air accumulating under the diaphragms , a markedly distended gas- filled colon is identified in the upper abdomen
    A: There is residual contrast present within small portion of the visualized transverse colon likely from a recent barium esophagram , The right PICC line tip is difficult to see but appears to be in the SVC right atrial junction


82) air space disease?:

    A: Patchy bibasilar airspace disease likely reflects atelectasis
    A: There is bilateral airspace process with increasing consolidative component at both bases
    A: There is interval increase in bilateral airspace disease consistent with worsening pulmonary edema
    A: There has been interval appearance of bibasilar patchy airspace disease as well as a layering left effusion
    A: The predominantly bibasilar airspace process with associated effusions is essentially not significantly changed
    A: Layering bilateral effusions with associated patchy bibasilar airspace disease likely reflecting compressive atelectasis
    A: Small bibasilar layering pleural effusions with associated patchy airspace disease , likely reflecting compressive atelectasis
    A: Airspace opacities in the lower lungs bilaterally likely represent atelectasis , a superimposed infectious process is not excluded
    A: There continues to be bilateral airspace process which is now worse on the right than the left , is slightly less nodular in appearance
    A: Layering bilateral effusions are again seen with associated patchy bibasilar airspace process , likely representing compressive atelectasis
    A: Airspace opacities have developed in the left perihilar and basilar regions and could reflect asymmetrical edema or other process such as aspiration
    A: There is persistent small to moderate right pleural effusion with some associated patchy airspace to disease at the right base likely reflecting atelectasis
    A: Interval improvement in aeration but a persistent bilateral interstitial airspace process is again seen , which could represent an atypical pneumonia or drug toxicity
    A: There is persistent bibasilar airspace disease with associated layering effusions , overall there has been some interval improvement in aeration in the left mid upper lung
    A: There is a bilateral diffuse airspace process which again appears slightly improved favoring that this represents some moderate-to-severe pulmonary edema rather than diffuse pneumonia
    A: A lesser degree of airspace disease is noted in the left lung with a more patchy distribution. Widespread airspace disease with considerable asymmetry , much more severe on the right than left
    A: Patchy bilateral lower lobe airspace opacities with bronchial wall thickening , more pronounced in the right lower lobe , compatible with bronchiectasis and small airways infectious or inflammatory process
    A: Overall cardiac and mediastinal contours are difficult to assess given the diffuse airspace process. the airspace process is likely not significantly changed but appears more pronounced due to differences in lung volumes
    A: There is worsening pulmonary edema with associated bilateral small-to-moderate pleural effusions , left greater than right , associated bibasilar airspace disease , most likely representing compressive atelectasis , pneumonia cannot be entirely excluded
    A: Overall lung volumes remain low and there is a bilateral patchy airspace disease which does not appear to be significantly changed given differences in positioning and inspiration. Cardiac and mediastinal contours are difficult to assess due to the diffuse airspace process


83) abscess and cavitation?:

    A: Some of the nodule are now cavitated
    A: Right perihilar abnormality could be abscess or mass
    A: Instead it showed a cavitated mass alongside the right heart border
    A: Given associated lucency with this region underlying cavitation is possible
    A: Little change in the multiple pulmonary opacifications with areas of cavitation
    A: Unchanged right lower lobe round opacities measuring up to to NUMBER cm , likely abscesses
    A: there is suggestion of cavitation in lesions in the left mid lung measuring up to NUMBER x NUMBER cm
    A: Bibasilar opacities are grossly unchanged including abscess duration of the medial left hemidiaphragm
    A: this could be tuberculosis as well as a pyogenic lung abscess , bronchogenic carcinoma is certainly a possibility
    A: There is significant improvement in previously noted right upper lobe opacity thought to represent pneumonia/ abscess
    A: Persistently worsening right perihilar opacities likely reflect a developing multifocal pneumonia with possible cavitations
    A: At some point chest CT scan might be helpful to see if any of these findings is suggestive of pneumonia , abscess , or septic emboli
    A: Again seen are several lung nodules , with possible cavitation. CT could be obtained for further evaluation of lung nodules and possible cavitation
    A: Widespread infection remains the most likely cause , particularly disseminated staphylococcus , which can produce small abscesses which lead to pneumatoceles
    A: In addition to dozens of lung nodules , most irregular and none clearly cavitated , ranging up to 18 mm in diameter , the chest CT scan on shows symmetric central adenopathy
    A: Previously seen cavitating nodules on chest CT are not well visualized on the current exam. Previously noted cavitating nodules on chest CT are not visualized on the current exam
    A: Abnormal convex upward contour to the lateral aspect of the right diaphragmatic pleural surface corresponds to the small mass or abscess at the base of the right lung on the chest CTA performed subsequently
    A: This is probably pneumonia and may be related to bronchial obstruction from the large central lymph node mass , metastatic spread from a cavitating right lower lobe lung lesion , presumably bronchogenic carcinoma
    A: There is subtle lucency centrally within the consolidation which could be due to aerated lung but cavitation is not excluded. Subtle lucency in the the right upper lobe consolidation could be due to focally aerated lung , cavitation is not excluded
    A: Frontal and lateral chest radiographs demonstrate a newly evacuated cavitated mass or abscess in the right upper lobe , with possibly improved aeration of the upper lobe. Newly evacuated/cavitated right upper lobe mass or abscess , with possibly improved aeration of the upper lobe


84) ARDS?:

    A: These findings may relate to ARDS
    A: Diffuse infection or ARDS is considered less likely
    A: Bibasal consolidations are unchanged consistent with known ARDS
    A: Diffuse homogeneous bilateral airspace opacifications could represent ARDS
    A: This could be CHF or infection on top of ARDS or could be progression of ARDS
    A: The differential diagnosis includes pulmonary edema , infectious infiltrates , ARDS
    A: The differential diagnosis for these includes pneumonic infiltrates and changes of ARDS
    A: in the appropriate clinical setting , widespread pneumonia or even ARDS would have to be considered
    A: The findings might potential also represent a combination of pulmonary edema with hemorrhage or ARDS
    A: in the appropriate clinical setting , it would be difficult to exclude multifocal pneumonia or even ARDS
    A: Bilateral parenchymal opacities , potentially moderate to severe pulmonary edema , ARDS or diffuse infection
    A: Severe but clearing consolidation in the right lung and perihilar region of the left lung reflects improvement in ARDS
    A: the opacities are massive and relatively homogeneous , showing air bronchograms and likely reflecting the clinical picture of ARDS
    A: The radiographic sequence over the past week is more consistent with resolving cardiogenic edema and concurrent multifocal pneumonia than ARDS
    A: There continues to be a bilateral diffuse airspace and interstitial process likely reflecting severe pulmonary edema but diffuse infection or ARDS
    A: Severe bilateral pulmonary edema persists , most compatible with ARDS in the setting of and essentially normal heart size and absence of pleural effusions
    A: There are diffuse bilateral parenchymal opacities and engorgement of the hila , suggestive of pulmonary edema noting that the ARDS or bilateral infection is also possible
    A: Worsening bilateral heterogeneous opacities with an apical predominance is most consistent with asymmetric pulmonary edema , differential includes ARDS , infection , or drug reaction
    A: there is little change in the appearance of diffuse bilateral pulmonary opacifications , which could represent any combination of pulmonary edema , superimposed pneumonia , pulmonary hemorrhage , even ARDS
    A: widespread pulmonary opacities have apparently progressed and likely reflect worsening acute lung disease process such as infectious pneumonia with possible associated ARDS superimposed upon chronic interstitial lung disease evident on prior outside CT of


85) bullae and blebs?:

    A: Few biapical blebs
    A: the patient has undergone a left blebectomy
    A: could represent an underlying bleb. bleb is possible
    A: Severe emphysema and bullous disease the re- demonstrated
    A: Relative lucencies at the lung apices likely represent bulla
    A: Small peripheral bulla or pneumatocele is a present in the left lower lung
    A: The lungs are hyperinflated with a right apical bulla indicative of emphysema
    A: Relatively extensive bilateral apical bullous destruction of the lung parenchyma
    A: There is pulmonary hyperinflation and extensive bi-apical emphysematous/bullous change
    A: Aside from biapical bullae and mild right apical scarring , lungs are fully expanded and clear
    A: Incidental note made of healed right middle rib fractures and a solitary bulla in the left mid lung
    A: Bullous emphysematous changes are re- demonstrated , with the largest bulla seen at in the right lung base
    A: A small portion of the left upper lobe remains aerated , which may be partly reflective of bullous changes in this area
    A: Lungs are clear of focal abnormality aside from severe bullous transformation , there is no evidence of cardiac decompensation
    A: Emphysema bullous changes , irregular opacities in the left upper lobe and atelectasis in the lower lobes bilaterally are unchanged
    A: Irregularity along the superior margin of the right pleural surface suggests that a bleb may be the etiology , a discrete bleb is not visualized
    A: The lung is are hyperinflated with bibasilar lucency consistent with bullous emphysema , No focal consolidation , pleural effusion , or pneumothorax. Bullous emphysema
    A: The right lung is hyperinflated , with large emphysematous bullae seen in the right lower lung. Unchanged appearance of the lungs compared with the right , with large emphysematous bullae on the right
    A: The lungs are hyperinflated with lucency of the lung apices and attenuation of the pulmonary vascular markings compatible with severe bullous emphysema. Severe bullous emphysema but no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
    A: There is slight improvement of diffuse bilateral parenchymal opacities on a background of severe emphysema with biapical bullae and fibrotic changes , which could represent improving edema. There may be material within the right apical bulla


86) skinfold?:

    A: Skin project over the thoracic inlet
    A: Skin project in the left lower hemi thorax
    A: Skin fold should not be mistaken for pneumothorax
    A: Surgical skin project over the right inferior neck
    A: A linear opacity on the right is caused by a skinfold
    A: Left upper skin fold should not be mistaken for pneumothorax
    A: Prominent skin folds are present , there is no definite pneumothorax
    A: Lucency along the the lateral right lung likely represents a skin fold
    A: A hyperlucent line paralleling the right chest wall is caused by a skin fold
    A: Multiple skin folds are present bilaterally , there are no visible pneumothoraces
    A: Irregular density projecting over the left humerus may be superimposed from the skin
    A: The previously seen skin folds projecting over the left hemithorax are no longer visualized
    A: There is a skin fold most likely projecting over the right upper chest and attention to this area
    A: Overlying skin folds make it hard to tell if there is anything focal in the lungs , particularly on the right
    A: On the lateral view there is a rounded density projecting over the chest which likely represents a skin fold the
    A: It is difficult to exclude small right pneumothorax but I think the questionable contour is a skin fold , similar to the one on the left
    A: This was further evaluated by repositioning and repeat radiograph demonstrating the absence of this line which most likely represented a skin fold
    A: Catheter tubing projects over the upper abdomen , this is not clearly localized on the current study but given the course of the tubing likely resides on the patient's skin
    A: On the right it is difficult to tell whether there is a very small apical pneumothorax or a superimposed skinfold since vascular clips denote prior right axillary or upper chest wall surgery
    A: Linear lucency along the right chest wall more likely relax her relates a skin fold , a lateral sided pneumothorax could have a similar appearance. Lucent band along right lateral chest wall is new -- likely represents an artifact due to a skin fold , though a pneumothorax ability new pneumothorax could have a similar appearance


87) sarcoidosis?:

    A: is sarcoidosis
    A: No pulmonary findings to suggest sarcoidosis
    A: This could be related to the known history of sarcoid
    A: Calcified hilar lymph nodes are consistent with known sarcoidosis
    A: Prominent hilar lymphadenopathy is again seen , suggestive of sarcoidosis
    A: No hilar or mediastinal lymphadenopathy to radiographically suggest sarcoidosis
    A: no evidence of intrathoracic lymph node enlargement to suggest the presence of sarcoidosis
    A: chronic changes in the upper lobes which may be due to sarcoidosis or chronic granulomatous disease
    A: No evidence of hilar or mediastinal adenopathy or interstitial changes to radiographically suggest sarcoidosis
    A: Hilar contours are stable , with stable prominence of the right hilum in this patient with history of sarcoidosis
    A: it might potentially represent sarcoidosis that has developed in the interim , additional etiologies cannot be excluded
    A: there is more prominence of the visualized right hilum and azygos region , though not the striking changes typically seen with sarcoidosis
    A: Multi focal ill-defined lung opacities are similar to prior and consistent with history of sarcoidosis , superimposed infection cannot be excluded
    A: Severe end stage changes from sarcoidosis are seen , predominantly in the upper lungs. Extensive end stage fibrosis from sarcoid limits sensitivity for detecting pneumonia
    A: Diffuse pulmonary interstitial abnormality and right hilar fullness likely relates to patient's underlying sarcoidosis , is unchanged in appearance in comparison to multiple prior exams
    A: There are no features about this condition to elevate sarcoidosis as the likely cause , that does not exclude the diagnosis since there appears to be adenopathy in the left hilus and perhaps AP window
    A: Superior hilar retraction with scarring in the lung apices are compatible with chronic changes from sarcoidosis. No significant interval change from the prior exam with chronic findings compatible with sarcoidosis
    A: Findings again include massive perihilar fibrosis/consolidation in this patient with history of sarcoidosis. No significant interval change in bilateral perihilar consolidation/fibrosis in this patient with history of sarcoidosis
    A: There is prominence of the hila in keeping with lymphadenopathy and known diagnosis of sarcoidosis. Worsening apical opacities in the apices could reflect worsening sarcoidosis. Biapical apical opacities are progressed and could reflect worsening sarcoidosis
    A: Extensive peribronchial opacities which predominantly occupy the upper lung lobes , right worse than left and affecting predominantly the right perihilar region , are consistent with known diagnosis of sarcoidosis. Extensive interstitial changes consistent with known diagnosis of sarcoidosis and unchanged left upper lung rounded opacity


88) blurring?:

    A: There is ongoing left hilar blurring
    A: CHF , with vascular blurring and scattered foci of alveolar edema
    A: There is upper zone redistribution , diffuse vascular blurring , suggesting CHF
    A: There is upper zone redistribution and blurring of vascular detail suggesting mild CHF
    A: There is upper zone redistribution and diffuse vascular blurring , consistent with CHF
    A: There is upper zone redistribution and diffuse vascular blurring , consistent with CHF
    A: There is upper zone re-distribution and diffuse vascular blurring , consistent with CHF
    A: There is upper zone redistribution and diffuse vascular blurring , consistent with mild CHF
    A: There is upper zone redistribution and blurring of vascular detail consistent with pulmonary edema
    A: There is cardiomegaly , upper zone redistribution and blurring of vascular detail consistent with CHF
    A: Overall CHF findings appear slightly worse , with increased vascular plethora and slight vascular blurring
    A: There is cardiomegaly , mild upper zone redistribution and slight blurring of vascular detail suggesting CHF
    A: The cardiac silhouette is enlarged and blurred by the distribution of the pleural effusion and adjacent atelectasis
    A: There is cardiomegaly and upper zone redistribution with blurring of vascular detail consistent with pulmonary edema
    A: There is upper zone redistribution and diffuse vascular blurring , consistent with CHF -- allowing for technical differences
    A: Opacity in the left lower lung suggests pneumonia , noting blurring of the left cardiac border , it probably localizes to the lingula
    A: There are low inspiratory volumes , with prominence of the mediastinum , upper zone redistribution , diffuse vascular blurring , consistent with CHF
    A: There is upper zone redistribution and mild diffuse vascular blurring , consistent with CHF -- this appearance may be accentuated by low inspiratory volumes
    A: Hazy opacification of each lung is consistent with pulmonary edema , probably somewhat worse than on the prior study , increased blurring may be due to differences in technique to some extent
    A: It is difficult to exclude retrocardiac opacity noting slight blurring of the margins of the left hemidiaphragm , this appearance may be due to difficulty in interpretation due to overlying soft tissue attenuation


89) liver?:

    A: A calcified liver cyst is noted
    A: Fiducial markers are seen in the liver
    A: Clips are seen again projecting over the liver
    A: Drainage catheter is seen overlying the liver area
    A: Fiducial marker is noted within the region of the liver dome
    A: Opacification in the upper liver is related to chemoembolization
    A: Known interposition of colon between the abdominal wall and the liver
    A: Again seen is right basilar opacity projecting over the right liver dome
    A: Liver a large left pleural effusion has entirely recurred since thoracentesis on
    A: Colonic interposition between the right hemidiaphragm and the liver is identified
    A: There is extensive opacification involving the liver , consistent with a huge calcified mass
    A: If liver transplant is contemplated should have a chest CT scan to evaluate these abnormalities
    A: A second drainage catheter , presumably percutaneous , crosses the midline at the level of the liver edge
    A: The right hemidiaphragm is elevated and there is interposition of the colon between the diaphragm and the liver
    A: The radiodense material projecting over the liver as well as the clips in the left perihilar region are constant in appearance
    A: the patient was at that time status post recent liver transplant with monitoring Swan-Ganz catheter in place and NG tube in stomach
    A: There is elevation of the right hemidiaphragm with colon beneath , consistent with interposition between the hemidiaphragm and upper portion of the liver
    A: The right hemidiaphragm is mildly elevated , possibly suggestive of underlying liver pathology. Elevated right hemidiaphragm may be related to underlying liver pathology
    A: Large subdiaphragmatic lucency appears to outline the diaphragm and the liver , may represent a large pneumoperitoneum or a markedly distended viscous such as stomach or transverse colon
    A: There has been interval placement of a right-sided catheter with pigtail projecting over the liver. Right lateral rib fractures are better assessed on the previous CT , Interval placement of right-sided catheter with pigtail projecting over the liver


90) kerley lines?:

    A: The Kerley B lines are no longer visible
    A: Septal lines in the right lower lung may well be chronic
    A: Interstitial edema is mild , with Kerley B lines , has increased
    A: There is minimal peribronchial cuffing and thickening of septal lines
    A: Septal lines in the left lung base is likely due to mild interstitial edema
    A: The interstitium is prominent including Kerley B lines suggesting mild pulmonary edema
    A: Peribronchial cuffing and scattered septal lines suggest the presence of interstitial edema
    A: There are interstitial opacities and Kerley B lines at the bases consistent with mild interstitial edema
    A: There is mild vascular congestion and some Kerley B lines at the left base , suggestive of volume overload
    A: Non-specific septal lines are noted along the periphery of left lower lobe. Non-specific left lower lobe septal lines
    A: Lungs are low lung volumes with vascular engorgement and thickened septal lines compatible with acute congestive failure
    A: Prominence of interstitial markings at the bases with Kerley lines are consistent with some elevation of pulmonary venous pressure
    A: there is increased interstitial opacities with linear thickened septal lines and right hilar opacities , concerning for mild pulmonary edema
    A: There is a new mild interstitial abnormality including Kerley B lines and peribronchial cuffing suggesting mild-to-moderate interstitial pulmonary edema
    A: There is interval development of pulmonary vascular redistribution , hazy alveolar opacities , Kerley B lines , bilateral pleural effusions , left greater than right
    A: there is increased hazy bibasilar and perihilar opacification with Kerley B lines , azygous distention , small pleural effusions , compatible with mild interstitial edema
    A: There is moderate cardiomegaly and mild pulmonary vascular engorgement and cephalization of the pulmonary vasculature and kerley B lines indicating mild interstitial pulmonary edema
    A: Pulmonary vascular cephalization , Kerley B lines , widespread interstitial opacities are new compared to the most recent chest radiograph from , consistent with mild interstitial pulmonary edema
    A: There are Kerley lines at the bilateral lung bases , which could reflect mild elevation of pulmonary venous pressure. Kerley lines at the bilateral lung bases could reflect mild elevation of pulmonary venous pressure
    A: new septal lines in the lower lungs , increased pulmonary vascular redistribution in the left upper lung and increasing size of superior vena cava and azygos vein are all consistent with worsening , mild , biventricular heart failure


91) azygos lobe?:

    A: Azygos lobe is again noted
    A: There may be an azygous lobe
    A: There is a possible azygos lobe
    A: Azygos lobe is incidentally noted
    A: Again identified is an azygos lobe
    A: An azygos lobe is incidentally noted
    A: An azygos lobe is incidentally noted
    A: Azygos lobe as normal anatomical variant
    A: Incidental note is made of an azygos lobe
    A: Incidental note is made of an azygos lobe
    A: Incidental note is made of an azygos lobe
    A: Azygos lobe is anatomically normal variant
    A: Azygos lobe , anatomical variant is present
    A: AZYGOS LOBE AS NORMAL ANATOMIC VARIANT PREOP
    A: An azygos lobe and fissure are incidentally noted
    A: Incidental note is made of an azygos lobe and fissure
    A: Incidental note is made of an azygos lobe at the right side
    A: Of incidental note is an azygos lobe , of no clinical significance
    A: Tubular opacity in the right upper paramediastinal border is due to azygos lobe
    A: A roughly elliptical x 9 mm wide nodular opacity projecting over the medial right clavicle is probably at the azygos lobe in an azygos fissure , because it could instead be any right upper lobe scar and lateral chest radiograph and an AP lordotic frontal image 2 better characterize the finding


92) ascites?:

    A: Suspected anasarca and ascites
    A: Diaphragmatic elevation is likely due to ascites
    A: Diffuse haziness in the upper abdomen may suggest ascites
    A: Unilateral right-sided pleural effusion in patient with ascites
    A: Diffuse haziness in upper abdomen suggest the possibility of ascites
    A: Diffusely increased density of the abdomen is probably due to ascites
    A: Exam is otherwise remarkable for small bilateral pleural effusions and ascites
    A: lung volumes remain low (likely due to ascites) , cardiomediastinal contours are stable
    A: Increased opacity over the upper abdomen with low lung volumes suggest underlying ascites
    A: Increased elevation of the right hemidiaphragm , possibly due to increasing abdominal ascites
    A: Diffuse haziness of upper abdomen suggests possible ascites but is not specific for this finding
    A: Small bilateral pleural effusions are present and haziness of upper abdomen is suggestive of ascites
    A: Diffuse haziness throughout the upper abdomen is consistent with known ascites on CT of 1 day earlier
    A: Diffuse haziness in the upper abdomen is suggestive of ascites , there is likely a component of anasarca as well
    A: There are relatively low lung volumes , likely in part due to elevation of the diaphragms from underlying large ascites
    A: Diffuse haziness in the imaged upper abdomen corresponds to the presence of ascites on separately dictated CT of the abdomen of the same date
    A: As the patient has a markedly distended abdomen presumably related to ascites , supervision of these manipulations with fluoroscopy may be helpful
    A: Low lung volumes and bibasilar atelectasis are attributable to diaphragm elevation by ascites. Bibasilar atelectasis due in part to elevation of the diaphragm by ascites
    A: The right hemidiaphragm remains elevated , likely secondary to ascites. Persistent bilateral moderate pleural effusions and right hemidiaphragm elevation secondary to underlying ascites
    A: There is elevation of the right hemidiaphragm which is more prominent , query subpulmonic effusion or ascites. Elevation of the right hemidiaphragm , could be due to underlying subpulmonic effusion or ascites


93) ossification?:

    A: Ossification of the anterior longitudinal ligament is noted
    A: Ossification of the anterior longitudinal ligament is re- demonstrated
    A: Ossification of the anterior longitudinal ligament is re- demonstrated
    A: Dystrophic ossification in the left shoulder could be sequelae of prior trauma
    A: Chronic degenerative changes of the left shoulder with areas of ossification are noted
    A: Ossification of the anterior longitudinal ligament is seen throughout the thoracic spine
    A: Ossification of the anterior longitudinal ligament raises possibility of ankylosing spondylitis
    A: Degenerative changes noted at the left shoulder with heterotopic ossification in the adjacent soft tissues
    A: Ossification of the anterior longitudinal ligament with vertebral body fusion is seen in the mid thoracic spine
    A: Degenerative changes and ossification of the anterior longitudinal ligament are again seen in the thoracic spine
    A: Diffuse idiopathic skeletal hyperostosis with ossification of the anterior longitudinal ligament is re- demonstrated
    A: There is diffuse demineralization of the osseous structures with apparent ossification of the anterior longitudinal ligament
    A: Mediastinal contours are normal in size and shape and bridging ossification of the anterior thoracic vertebral column is unchanged
    A: Dense reticulonodular opacities persist at the lung bases , possibly representing aspirated barium or idiopathic pulmonary ossification
    A: The bones demonstrate healed posterolateral rib fractures in the right upper thorax and ossification of the anterior longitudinal ligament
    A: Slightly increased density in the retro hilar/ retrocardiac region corresponds to ossification of the anterior longitudinal ligament of the thoracic spine
    A: At the edge of these images , the left AC joint appears disrupted and there is ossification along the coracoclavicular ligament , likely sequela of remote trauma
    A: Degenerative changes in the thoracic spine with prominent lower thoracic anterior endplate osteophytes , asymmetric hypertrophic ossification of the right first costochondral junction
    A: is a small ossification interposed between the coracoid process of the left scapula and the nearby clavicle , which may be post-traumatic , does not appear to represent an acute finding
    A: Calcification projecting over the right axilla could represent calcified lymph nodes or heterotopic ossification. Calcification projecting over the right axilla middle is calcified lymph node or heterotopic ossification


94) pneumatocele?:

    A: Traumatic pneumatocele is , left lung stable
    A: Pneumatocele on the right midlung is continuing to involute
    A: The pneumatocele that projects over the left hemithorax is unchanged
    A: Small focal lucencies in the region of biopsy could be small pneumatoceles
    A: Small peripheral bulla or pneumatocele is a present in the left lower lung
    A: The questioned postoperative pneumatocele in the right midlung is unchanged in size
    A: Note is made of a thin-walled cyst in the left midlung , either a bulla or pneumatocele
    A: Right upper lobe pneumatocele size is unchanged , there is perhaps less internal fluid component
    A: Bibasal opacities reflect a combination of pulmonary contusion , pneumatoceles with pleural effusion
    A: Again it is extremely difficult to distinguish large pneumatoceles in the left upper zone from pneumothorax
    A: Small amount of fluid has collected in the possible postoperative pneumatocele , which is overall unchanged in size
    A: Stable air density at right lung base in this patient who is known to have a large pneumatocele. Stable right pneumatocele
    A: Also at the right lung base is the suggestion of a large thin-walled ring shadow in the right lower lobe , probably a bulla or pneumatocele
    A: Multiple thin-walled cysts , predominantly in the right lower lobe , likely due to post-infectious pneumatocele as suggested on prior CT imaging
    A: This is mostly hemorrhage , given the CT findings of small blood filled pneumatocele and active bleeding or pulmonary artery pseudoaneurysm prepped the sees 3 a
    A: Volume loss and large cystic spaces in the right upper lung that could be due to previous necrotizing pneumonia and pneumatoceles or the residual of previous surgery
    A: Upper lobe predominant emphysema is present , as well as a large thin-walled cystic structure within the left retrocardiac region , which may be due to a bulla or pneumatocele
    A: The basal component of pneumothorax has resolved and small left pleural effusion has decreased since , but the apical component is very difficult to distinguish from pneumatoceles or hyperexpanded bullae
    A: the prior study there is substantial improvement in the right upper lobe consolidation with no clear evidence of abscess present but lucencies still seen and might represent pneumatoceles versus resolving abscess
    A: Right upper lobe lateral air and fluid collection reflective of a pneumatocele appears grossly unchanged from the prior exams. Remainder of the exam is grossly unchanged with persistent right upper lobe lateral pneumatocele and small right pleural effusion with associated right basilar atelectasis


95) tendon?:

    A: A tendon anchor is present in the right shoulder
    A: A tendon anchor is present in the left humeral head
    A: The patient has had prior right shoulder ligament/tendon repair
    A: Left shoulder calcific tendonitis appears similar to prior exam
    A: There is tendon anchor from rotator cuff repair in the right humeral head
    A: Amorphic density along the right humeral head suggests calcific tendinitis
    A: Calcification adjacent to the right humeral head could be due to calcific tendinitis
    A: Tenodesis screws are noted in the right humeral head from prior biceps tendon repair
    A: Tendon anchors are present in the left humeral head , likely from prior rotator cuff repair
    A: There is a focus of calcification adjacent to the right humeral head consistent calcific tendinitis
    A: A small calcific density in relation to the right supraspinatus tendon suggestive of calcific tendinosis
    A: Small focus of hydroxyapatite it is seen adjacent to the left shoulder , consistent with calcific tendinitis
    A: Calcific density overlying the body of the left scapula consistent with known sub scapularis calcific tendinitis
    A: Incidental note is made of degenerative change at the left shoulder , with focal hydroxyapatite/calcific tendonitis
    A: Calcifications adjacent to the superior and lateral aspects of both humeral heads likely reflect calcific tendinitis
    A: There is calcification adjacent to the soft tissues of the right shoulder which can be seen with calcific tendinitis or tumoral calcinosis
    A: Amorphous calcification adjacent to the superolateral aspect of the right humeral head suggests calcific tendinitis. Calcific tendinitis of the right shoulder
    A: An ossific fragment noted along the superior lateral aspect of the right humeral head is age-indeterminate , may represent a prior avulsion or calcific tendinitis
    A: Incidental note are extensive changes in the region of the greater tuberosity of the humerus on the left , suggesting inflammatory changes in the tendons of the rotator cuff
    A: A small linear calcification superior to the left humeral head could represent a focus of calcific tendonitis. Small linear calcification superior to the left humeral head could represent a focus of calcific tendonitis


96) cholelithiasis?:

    A: Cholelithiasis
    A: Cholelithiasis
    A: Cholelithiasis
    A: Cholelithiasis
    A: Cholelithiasis
    A: Cholelithiasis
    A: Cholelithiasis
    A: Cholelithiasis
    A: Cholelithiasis is demonstrated
    A: Note is made of cholelithiasis. Cholelithiasis
    A: Calcific density in the right upper quadrant suggest cholelithiasis
    A: High-density material correlates with cholelithiasis seen on prior CT scan
    A: Calcifications in the right upper quadrant are likely due to known cholelithiasis
    A: Calcifications in the right upper quadrant suggest cholelithiasis. Probable cholelithiasis
    A: Hypodensities overlying the area of the gallbladder may represent cholelithiasis. Cholelithiasis
    A: Densities projecting over the right upper quadrant may represent nephrolithiasis or cholelithiasis
    A: Calcifications in the right upper quadrant of the abdomen likely reflect cholelithiasis. Cholelithiasis


97) sagittal chest?:

    A: Mild to moderate cardiomegaly is exaggerated by an narrow sagittal thoracic diameter
    A: Sagittal diameter cannot be assessed from this view alone , it was normal on and neck
    A: The sagittal diameter of the thorax is slightly increased , potentially suggesting overinflation
    A: There is increased sagittal diameter of the thorax as well as an increase of the retrosternal space
    A: The sagittal diameter of the chest is very narrow. Narrow sagittal chest may predispose to mitral regurgitation
    A: Note is also made of a large trachea , approaching NUMBER cm in coronal and 2 cm in the sagittal diameter in this patient with known tracheomalacia
    A: The sagittal diameter of the thorax is slightly increased , with flattening of the hemidiaphragms on the lateral view , potentially suggestive of mild to moderate overinflation
    A: Lateral view shows severe compression of the mid/lower vertebral body , better demonstrated on sagittal reformats of the chest CT , 1) Enlarged cardiomediastinal silhouette and right pulmonary artery
    A: Small pleural effusions are present bilaterally and note is made of multiple compression deformities in the spine , more fully evaluated by sagittal reformatted images from recent CTA of the chest of
    A: Chest CT on showed that widening of the cardiomediastinal silhouette is due to a combination of a and extremely narrow sagittal diameter of the chest and extensive fat deposition , also explaining thickening of the pleural margins bilaterally
    A: Configuration of the trachea , sagittal elongation of the greatest diameter , is due to chronic lung disease and the may be focal narrowing from a prior tracheostomy at the level of the thoracic inlet , there has been no change in any of these findings


Total oraciones invlidas: 75869
Total oraciones sin match: 127444


Ejemplos de oraciones vlidas que no hicieron match con ninguna pregunta

    The clear
    most recently G
    This abnormality
    Normal mediastinal
    No films of the neck
    Prior study dates back
    Chest x-ray exam normal
    also state abnormal EKG
    Fullness of the AP window
    Close follow-up is advised
    there are no changes noted
    Patient is markedly rotated
    the image is underpenetrated
    the patient is been extubated
    No significant change from 18
    Normal radiograph of the chest
    The line needs to be withdrawn
    No acute abnormalities detected
    No relevant change has occurred
    Multiple unchanged septic emboli
    The possibility of cardiomyopathy
    Now increased shortness of breath
    Single AP supine view of the chest
    This is slightly increased in size
    Multiple radiographs dating back to
    Chronic findings as described above
    lateral views to more clearly assess
    Single upright AP image of the chest
    A ventricular loop has been resolved
    Chest examination report was positive
    No radiographic evidence of active TB
    there is less obliquity of the patient
    Possible mild background hyperinflation
    Portable upright chest radiograph at 10
    No interval appearance of other changes
    No interval change from prior radiograph
    Portable supine frontal chest radiograph
    except for mild central venous dilatation
    no significant interval change from prior
    Single AP upright portable view the chest
    Multiple prior examinations dating back to
    There has otherwise been no relevant change
    Frontal and lateral radiograph of the chest
    No definite additional areas of involvement
    Attention to this area on repeat chest x-ray
    Attention on follow-up radiographs is needed
    There has been no significant interval change
    AP portable up supine right view of the chest
    This probably reflects removal of a mucus plug
    No radiographic findings to explain chest pain
    Erect portable views of the chest were obtained
    Without a lateral view , I cannot localize than
    Recommend follow up imaging at full inspiration
    Semi upright portable AP radiograph of the chest
    Portable semi-erect chest radiograph is obtained
    The thorax is underpenetrated due to body habitus
    Recommend a decubitus film for further evaluation
    There has been no change from the prior radiograph
    Redemonstration of CoreValve in unchanged position
    Follow up radiographs may be helpful in this regard
    The abnormality has been documented on the CTA from
    the patient has taken a mildly increased inspiration
    Repeat study dictated previously shows little change
    No acute radiographic intrathoracic pulmonary disease
    Decrease is more obvious on the right and on the left
    AP portable semi-upright chest radiograph was obtained
    If non are available dedicated chest CT is recommended
    This is a rotated film which somewhat limits evaluation
    An AP lordotic view is suggested for further evaluation
    lateral , left anterior oblique compared to AP view at 7
    Portable AP semi-upright view of the chest were reviewed
    Frontal and lateral radiograph of the chest were acquired
    there is no substantial change in the rest of the imaging
    Consider advancing approximately 1-2 cm for better seating
    Recommend follow up in weeks to assess for interval change
    An alternative explanation would be acute aortic dissection
    If greater specificity is required from the imaging studies
    correlation with cross-sectional imaging might be considered
    Recommend follow-up chest radiograph to assess for resolution
    The vascular redistribution is better than on the prior study
    The remainder of the study is essentially unchanged and normal
    This may be further evaluated with shallow oblique radiographs
    Attention to this area on the subsequent studies is recommended
    A single semi-erect frontal radiograph of the chest was acquired
    Given body habitus , mediastinal lipomatosis may also contribute
    Lateral aspect right lower chest is excluded from the examination
    lateral views of the chest are compared to the previous exams from
    Consider cross-sectional imaging if diagnostic uncertainty persists
    There has been no significant change in the appearances in the chest
    The remainder of the chest radiograph is unchanged from earlier today
    There is improved inspiratory effort in comparison to the examination
    there is little overall change in the severe chronic pulmonary disease
    In comparison with the study the patient has taken a better inspiration
    there is little appreciable change given the slightly better inspiration
    the patient has performed a lesser inspiration than on the previous image
    No abnormalities within the leads demonstrated on the current examination
    Close follow up imaging in 4 weeks is recommended to demonstrate resolution
    It suggests clinical consideration of possibility of acute aortic dissection
    Attention to this area on followup films , after resolution of acute symptoms
    No definitive abnormality seen within the limitations of this study technique
    Findings discussed with the covering house officer on the afternoon of the exam
    Portable semi-erect chest view was read in comparison with prior radiograph from
    lateral upright chest radiographs were reviewed in comparison to chest radiograph
    No new abnormalities are demonstrated within the limitations of the study technique
    Severe multifocal anemia similar on the left and worse on the right compared to prior
    If there is clinical concern for aortic pathology , CT would be the next imaging step
    There is no other abnormality demonstrated within the limitations of the study technique
    Follow-up chest x-ray in weeks after completion of antibiotic therapy to ensure resolution
    Evaluation is markedly limited due to underpenetrated technique more so on the lateral view
    Repeat chest radiograph without superimposed external structures for more optimal evaluation
    Semi-erect portable chest view was reviewed in comparison with multiple prior chest radiographs
    There is clamp presumably located outside of the patient that is projecting over right hemithorax
    The patient has an atypical position in this radiograph , which limits interpretation of this study
    Allowing for the difference in positioning of the patient There is no interval change from prior study
    the radiographic appearance is significantly worse and more difficult to assess than on the radiograph from
    Single upright chest view was read in comparison with prior chest radiographs through with the most recent from
    Overall no acute changes demonstrated as compared to previous examination within the limitations of the study technique
    Provided that the lines have not been changed , this would indicate that the line has been withdrawn by approximately 4 cm
    Ill-defined radioopacity projecting over the midline chest appears external to the patient , as it is not identified on the lateral view
    The patient's hand overlies the left upper hemithorax on the frontal view and the patient's arm overlies the chest on the lateral view , partially obscuring the view
