Preguntas ordenadas por frecuencia (decreciente)

3551, lungs?
3371, heart?
3106, pleural space?
2691, pneumothorax?
2360, mediastinum?
1967, bones?
1243, consolidation?
1185, cardiac silhouette?
815, pulmonary vascularity?
757, opacities?
601, calcification?
552, air space disease?
457, granumola?
440, support devices and foreign bodies?
431, infiltrate?
397, thoracic aorta?
395, atelectasis?
354, edema?
341, nodules?
305, cardiomegaly?
273, surgery?
268, pneumonia?
249, pulmonary hila?
244, diaphragm?
235, scarring?
226, tortuosity?
220, tubes and lines?
220, interstitial lung disease?
209, fractures?
194, ribs?
188, masses?
155, prominence?
149, densities?
146, soft tissue?
122, emphysema?
113, apical zone?
111, trachea?
103, bronchus?
100, adenopathy?
89, markings?
83, bronchovascular crowding?
75, fluid?
71, infection?
70, air collections?
64, free air?
63, lesions?
56, hernias?
55, vena cava?
49, lung parenchyma?
49, COPD?
44, lucencies?
44, fibrosis?
43, cancer or tumor?
31, airways?
26, contrast?
25, sulci?
20, fissures?
19, congestive heart failure CHF?
18, stomach?
15, lymph nodes?
14, shadow?
13, aspiration?
12, trauma?
12, bowel?
11, pneumoperitoneum?
11, bullae and blebs?
10, sarcoidosis?
9, loculation?
9, carina?
8, pneumomediastinum?
8, bowel obstruction and loops?
8, air-fluid level?
7, colon?
5, peribronchial cuffing?
5, esophagus?
5, bronchiectasis?
4, radiation?
3, skinfold?
3, liver?
3, gas distension?
3, abscess and cavitation?
2, thyroid?
2, tendon?
2, ossification?
2, haze?
2, azygos lobe?
1, pneumatocele?
1, kerley lines?
1, cholelithiasis?
1, bleeding?
1, azygos vein?
0, sagittal chest?
0, fluid overload?
0, bronchogram?
0, blurring?
0, ascites?
0, ARDS?

Ejemplos de respuestas por pregunta:

1) lungs?:

    A: Lungs are clear
    A: The lungs are clear
    A: Lungs are clear. Clear lungs
    A: No acute pulmonary abnormality
    A: Both lungs are clear and expanded
    A: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
    A: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities
    A: The lungs are free of focal airspace disease
    A: The lungs are clear. No acute cardiopulmonary disease
    A: Hyperinflated lungs with no focal alveolar consolidation
    A: Findings of COPD with right costophrenic XXXX focal atelectasis
    A: There is a large airspace opacity in the right lower and middle lobes
    A: There are low lung volumes with bronchovascular crowding as a result. Low lung volumes
    A: Low lung volumes with bronchovascular crowding. Low lung volumes with grossly clear lungs
    A: Unchanged XXXX opacity in the left lung base , XXXX scarring. Lungs are clear. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
    A: The lungs are clear of focal airspace disease , pneumothorax , or pleural effusion. No acute cardiopulmonary findings
    A: There is a 6 mm nodular opacity in the right upper lobe. The lungs otherwise appear clear. Right upper lobe 6 mm nodular opacity
    A: The lungs are clear bilaterally. Mild right basilar atelectasis and relative elevation of the right hemidiaphragm noted. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
    A: There is a focal area of scarring or XXXX atelectasis identified in the lingula. The lungs are otherwise clear without focal infiltrate. Focal area of XXXX scarring or atelectasis within the lingula
    A: Some XXXX opacities compatible with subsegmental atelectasis/scarring noted projecting over region of right middle lobe/lingula on lateral view. well-expanded and clear lungs. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified


2) heart?:

    A: Heart size normal
    A: Heart size normal
    A: Borderline heart size
    A: The heart is not enlarged
    A: Heart and mediastinum normal
    A: No acute cardiopulmonary findings
    A: Heart is mildly enlarged. Cardiomegaly
    A: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
    A: Heart size and mediastinal contour normal
    A: Heart size and pulmonary vascularity are normal
    A: Cardiomegaly and mild interstitial pulmonary edema
    A: Heart size normal. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
    A: Heart and mediastinum are stable with normal sized heart
    A: The heart is normal size. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
    A: Heart size is normal. Emphysema without acute cardiopulmonary findings
    A: Heart size is upper limits of normal. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
    A: Heart size and pulmonary vascularity normal. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
    A: Heart size and mediastinal contours appear normal. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
    A: Heart size , cardiomediastinal silhouette , pulmonary vasculature are normal. No acute cardiopulmonary process
    A: There is stable cardiomegaly , with persistent bibasilar opacities XXXX atelectasis and /or infiltrate. Stable cardiomegaly and persistent minimal bibasilar atelectasis


3) pleural space?:

    A: No pleural effusion
    A: No pleural effusions
    A: The pleural spaces are clear
    A: No pleural effusion or pneumothorax
    A: No pleural effusion or pneumothorax
    A: No pneumothorax or pleural effusions
    A: No pleural effusion , no pneumothorax
    A: There are no acute infiltrates , effusions
    A: There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax
    A: There are no XXXX of a large pleural effusion
    A: There is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion
    A: There is no consolidation , pleural effusion or pneumothorax
    A: There is no evidence of pneumothorax or large pleural effusion
    A: No focal consolidation , pneumothorax , or pleural effusion identified
    A: no evidence of focal consolidation , pneumothorax , or pleural effusion
    A: There is no focal airspace consolidation , pleural effusion or pneumothorax
    A: No pneumonia , effusions , edema , pneumothorax , adenopathy , nodules or masses
    A: No focal consolidation , suspicious pulmonary opacity , pneumothorax or definite pleural effusion
    A: no evidence of focal consolidation , pneumothorax , or pleural effusion , Cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable
    A: Consolidation and costophrenic XXXX blunting persists in both lower lobes. Persistent bibasilar airspace disease and bilateral pleural fluid


4) pneumothorax?:

    A: No pneumothorax
    A: No pneumothorax
    A: There is no pneumothorax
    A: No visualized pneumothorax
    A: No pneumothorax or pleural effusion
    A: No pneumothorax or pleural effusion
    A: No pleural effusion or pneumothorax
    A: No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces
    A: No pneumothorax or visible pleural fluid
    A: No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen
    A: There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax
    A: There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion
    A: No pneumothorax or large effusion. No pneumothorax identified
    A: No focal pulmonary opacity , pleural effusion or pneumothorax
    A: No focal area of consolidation , pleural effusion , pneumothorax
    A: There is no pleural effusion , pneumothorax , or focal airspace disease
    A: The lungs are clear bilaterally without pleural effusion or pneumothorax
    A: Lungs are clear without focal consolidation , large pleural effusion , or pneumothorax
    A: The lungs are normally inflated with no focal airspace disease , pleural effusion , or pneumothorax
    A: The left apical pneumothorax has resolved. Stable postsurgical changes of left hemithorax with resolution of small apical pneumothorax and basilar air space opacities


5) mediastinum?:

    A: Mediastinal contour normal
    A: Mediastinal contour normal
    A: Mediastinal contours are normal
    A: Heart and mediastinum are normal
    A: Unremarkable mediastinal contour
    A: Normal cardiomediastinal silhouette
    A: Cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal
    A: The cardiomediastinal contours are normal
    A: The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal
    A: Cardiac and mediastinal contours are normal
    A: The pulmonary XXXX and mediastinum are normal
    A: Heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour
    A: Normal heart size , mediastinal and aortic contours
    A: The heart , pulmonary XXXX and mediastinum are normal
    A: The heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are normal
    A: The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour
    A: Heart size mildly enlarged , stable mediastinal and hilar contours
    A: Mediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vascularity are stable and normal
    A: The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are normal in size
    A: no evidence of focal consolidation , pneumothorax , or pleural effusion , Cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable


6) bones?:

    A: Thoracic spondylosis
    A: No acute bony abnormality
    A: Bony structures are intact
    A: Bony thorax is unremarkable
    A: There are no acute bony findings
    A: Bony thorax grossly unremarkable
    A: Negative for acute bone abnormality
    A: Osseous structures are grossly intact
    A: Anterior osteophytes of the thoracic spine
    A: There are degenerative changes of the spine
    A: No acute osseous abnormalities are identified
    A: The visualized osseous structures are unremarkable
    A: Dextroconvex scoliotic curvature of the thoracic spine
    A: No acute osseous findings. Mild degenerative changes of the spine
    A: Both clavicles appear normal on this limited radiographic evaluation
    A: No acute osseous abnormality. Mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine
    A: Surgical clips near the gastroesophageal junction. Negative for acute bone abnormality
    A: The osseous structures are intact. There are degenerative changes within the XXXX bilaterally and left acromioclavicular joint
    A: Severe scoliosis , tracheostomy tube , left PICC tip in the right hemithorax in the expected location of the right subclavian vein , repositioning recommended
    A: The osseous structures are intact. Left knee : There is no fracture-dislocation. There are degenerative changes with medial compartment osteophytes. Left knee : Minimal degenerative changes , no acute bony abnormality


7) consolidation?:

    A: No focal consolidation
    A: No focal areas of consolidation
    A: No XXXX pulmonary consolidation
    A: No focal air space consolidation
    A: No focal areas of pulmonary consolidation
    A: There are no focal areas of consolidation
    A: No large consolidation , effusion , or pneumothorax
    A: There is no focal consolidation to suggest pneumonia
    A: No focal airspace consolidation , effusions or pneumothorax
    A: No focal consolidation , pneumothorax , or effusion identified
    A: No focal consolidation , pneumothorax or large pleural effusion
    A: No focal alveolar consolidation , no definite pleural effusion seen
    A: There is no pneumothorax , pleural effusion , or focal consolidation
    A: No focal consolidation , pleural effusion , or pneumothorax identified
    A: Lungs are clear without focal consolidation , effusion , or pneumothorax
    A: Negative for focal pulmonary consolidation , pleural effusion or pneumothorax
    A: Negative for focal pulmonary consolidation , pleural effusion , or pneumothorax
    A: Lungs are clear without focal areas of consolidation , pleural effusion , or pneumothorax
    A: no evidence of focal consolidation , pneumothorax , or pleural effusion , Cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable
    A: Low lung volumes bilaterally with central bronchovascular crowding without focal consolidation , pleural effusion , or pneumothoraces , Cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal


8) cardiac silhouette?:

    A: Normal cardiac contour
    A: The cardiac silhouette is enlarged
    A: Cardiomediastinal silhouette normal
    A: Cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal
    A: The cardiomediastinal contours are normal
    A: The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal
    A: The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal
    A: Cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable
    A: Cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal
    A: The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal for size
    A: Cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable and unremarkable
    A: The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal for appearance
    A: The cardiac silhouette is normal in size and configuration
    A: The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour
    A: The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal for size and contour
    A: The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are normal
    A: The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are normal in size
    A: The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are normal in size
    A: The cardiomediastinal silhouette and vasculature are normal for size and contour
    A: Frontal and lateral views of the chest show normal size and configuration of the cardiac silhouette


9) pulmonary vascularity?:

    A: Pulmonary artery prominence
    A: Pulmonary vasculature normal
    A: Pulmonary vascularity is normal
    A: Pulmonary vascularity is normal
    A: Pulmonary vasculature is normal
    A: Pulmonary vasculature appears normal
    A: There is no vascular congestion or edema
    A: Heart size and pulmonary vascularity normal
    A: The pulmonary vascularity is normal in appearance
    A: Heart size and pulmonary vasculature appear normal
    A: Heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear normal
    A: The heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear normal
    A: Mediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vascularity are normal
    A: Cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are normal
    A: The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are normal
    A: Hilar pulmonary venous vasculature stable compared to prior examination
    A: The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are normal in size
    A: The cardiac silhouette , mediastinum , pulmonary vasculature are unremarkable
    A: Central vascular congestion. Bilateral interstitial opacities and central vascular congestion XXXX interstitial edema
    A: mild prominence of the bilateral hilar regions , possibly consistent with enlarged pulmonary arteries/pulmonary hypertension


10) opacities?:

    A: No suspicious bony opacities
    A: No abnormal airspace opacities
    A: No consolidative airspace opacities
    A: There is a left basilar and retrocardiac opacity
    A: Subtle opacities are present within the lingula as well
    A: There is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia
    A: No focal airspace opacities , pneumothorax or pleural effusion
    A: There is no focal airspace opacity , pleural effusion or pneumothorax
    A: There are mild XXXX opacities bilaterally , favoring scar or atelectasis
    A: There continues to be some left base opacities which may represent atelectasis
    A: The lungs are clear without focal airspace opacity , large effusion , or pneumothorax
    A: The lungs are clear without focal airspace opacity , pleural effusion , or pneumothorax
    A: No focal consolidation , suspicious pulmonary opacity , pneumothorax or definite pleural effusion
    A: A few bandlike opacities are present at the lateral left base. XXXX opacities at the lateral left base
    A: Interval resolution of previously described right midlung opacity suggesting resolved inflammatory/infectious process
    A: There is opacity at posterior aspect of lower chest seen on lateral view which probably represents left lower lobe consolidation
    A: Small right juxtahilar opacity may represent infiltrate. Small right juxtahilar opacity may represent infiltrate in the setting of XXXX
    A: Decrease ill-defined mixed lucent and opaque area in the right lateral lung base with small XXXX XXXX remaining and minimal associated right lateral costophrenic XXXX blunting
    A: There are XXXX streaky opacities predominantly in the left lung base possibly related to scarring and atelectasis. Low lung volumes with streaky left basilar opacity , XXXX subsegmental atelectasis and scarring
    A: Within the right lung , there are increased interstitial opacities within the medial right lung base and right upper lobe , with patchy airspace opacity within the right lung apex. Airspace and interstitial opacity within the right upper and lower lobes


11) calcification?:

    A: Calcified granulomas
    A: Aortic XXXX calcifications
    A: Calcified granuloma , right base
    A: Calcified right hilar lymph XXXX
    A: A few calcified granulomata are noted
    A: There are calcified right hilar granuloma
    A: Stable 5 mm calcified right midlung nodule
    A: Calcified lymph XXXX and granuloma are noted
    A: Small stable calcified left lower lobe granuloma
    A: There is a calcified granuloma at the left lung base
    A: There is a calcified granuloma in the right midlung zone
    A: Calcified bilateral hilar lymph XXXX , greater on the left
    A: There are large calcified mediastinal and right hilar granulomas
    A: There are numerous calcified granuloma in the right perihilar region
    A: NUMBER cm right lower lobe nodule , XXXX calcified granulomas disease
    A: Small calcified 8 cm granuloma adjacent to the right diaphragm within the right chest
    A: Vascular calcification is identified. Calcified granuloma is present in the right lower lobe
    A: There is mild tortuosity of the thoracic aorta with atherosclerotic calcification of the aortic XXXX
    A: Calcified granuloma in the right lower lobe is stable in appearance XXXX compared to the previous examinations
    A: There is aortic atherosclerotic calcification. Prominent mitral annular calcification demonstrated on the lateral view. Stable cardiomegaly , tortuous thoracic aorta and atherosclerotic calcification


12) air space disease?:

    A: No focal airspace disease
    A: No focal airspace disease
    A: No focal airspace disease
    A: Lungs are free of focal airspace disease
    A: Extensive patchy bilateral airspace disease
    A: The lungs are free of focal airspace disease
    A: The lungs are free of focal airspace disease
    A: No acute airspace disease , effusions , or CHF
    A: Lungs are expanded and clear of airspace disease
    A: No airspace disease , effusion or noncalcified nodule
    A: No focal airspace disease , pleural effusion , or pneumothorax
    A: Air space disease and /or atelectasis is noted in right lung base
    A: There is no pleural effusion , pneumothorax , or focal airspace disease
    A: The lungs are clear of focal airspace disease , pneumothorax , pleural effusion
    A: Pulmonary vascular is unremarkable lungs are expanded and clear of airspace disease
    A: Previously present left base airspace disease has cleared. Clearing of left base airspace disease
    A: The lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease , pleural effusion , or pneumothorax
    A: The lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease , pleural effusion , or pneumothorax
    A: Low lung volumes with mild bronchovascular crowding and right basilar airspace disease. Low lung volumes with right base airspace disease
    A: There is a vague area of airspace disease identified within the right midlung on the PA view. Vague area of focal airspace disease within the right midlung


13) granumola?:

    A: Right lower lung granuloma
    A: Prior granulomatous disease
    A: Callus or granulomas identified
    A: Calcified granuloma , right base
    A: Scattered calcified granulomas noted
    A: Sequelae of prior granulomatous disease
    A: Calcified granuloma in the left lung base
    A: Peripheral right basilar calcified granuloma
    A: There are several small calcified granulomas
    A: Stable calcified granuloma in the left lower lobe
    A: These most XXXX represent calcified small granulomas
    A: There is a calcified granuloma within the left lung base
    A: There are small calcified granulomata in the right lateral lung
    A: Calcified right upper lobe nodule with a granuloma is again seen
    A: Calcified hilar lymph XXXX XXXX sequela of prior granulomatous disease
    A: Scattered calcified pulmonary nodules , XXXX represents calcified granulomas
    A: Calcified right upper lobe pulmonary granuloma and calcified right hilar lymph XXXX
    A: Unchanged calcified granulomas at the left greater than right hilum , in the pretracheal region
    A: Stable appearance of XXXX scarring in the right upper lung associated with numerous XXXX XXXX granulomas
    A: No pleural effusion or pneumothorax , ] Extensive left upper quadrant splenic calcification may reflect old granulomatous disease


14) support devices and foreign bodies?:

    A: Tracheostomy tube
    A: Right axillary surgical clips
    A: Right upper quadrant surgical clips
    A: Left PICC line and NG tube remain in XXXX
    A: Examination was performed with nipple markers
    A: All lines and tubes in stable , XXXX position
    A: There has been previous aortic valve replacement
    A: Left upper extremity PICC terminates in the lower SVC
    A: Pacemaker leads are within the right atrium and ventricle
    A: ICD leads in XXXX position to prior study with stable cardiomegaly
    A: Residual radiopaque sutures are also present in the left upper lobe
    A: Cardiac XXXX generator overlies left chest with leads in unchanged position
    A: Again seen is XXXX paraspinal foreign body which may represent a bullet fragment
    A: Right-sided internal jugular central venous catheter with tip approximating the right atrium
    A: XXXX opacities XXXX representing surgical clips , in the midline at the level of the thoracic inlet
    A: Right upper extremity PICC terminates at the cavoatrial junction. Implantable cardiac device and leads appears unchanged
    A: There are XXXX sternotomy XXXX and mediastinal surgical clips XXXX secondary to a CABG procedure. There are cholecystectomy clips
    A: Frontal and lateral views of the chest with overlying external cardiac monitor leads show normal size and configuration of the cardiac silhouette
    A: Heart size near top normal limits for technique , left infraclavicular cardiac XXXX generator with right atrial and right ventricular leads , sternotomy XXXX , CABG clips
    A: Pacemaker generator overlying the left chest in stable position with 2 leads terminating in the right atrium and right ventricle in stable position. Stable pacemaker generator within the left chest with 2 distal leads terminating in the right atrium and right ventricle , also in stable position


15) infiltrate?:

    A: No acute infiltrate
    A: No focal infiltrate
    A: No acute infiltrate is seen
    A: There is no acute infiltrate
    A: The lungs are clear without infiltrate
    A: The lungs are clear without infiltrate
    A: The lungs are clear of focal infiltrates
    A: The lungs are free of any focal infiltrates
    A: Resolution of prior right midlung infiltrate
    A: No gross consolidation , atelectasis or infiltrate
    A: The lungs are clear , without evidence of infiltrate
    A: The lungs appear to be clear of any focal infiltrates
    A: No acute infiltrate or pleural effusion are appreciated
    A: No focal infiltrate , pneumothorax or pleural effusion identified
    A: The lungs are clear , without evidence of acute infiltrate or effusion
    A: XXXX mild streaky opacities in the left base , atelectasis versus infiltrate
    A: Persistent partial middle lobe atelectasis and infiltrate seen XXXX on the lateral
    A: Lungs are clear bilaterally with no focal infiltrate , pleural effusion , or pneumothoraces
    A: Minimal patchy infiltrate/atelectasis in medial right base and lingular scarring or subsegmental atelectasis
    A: Small nodular opacity left upper lobe may represent early infiltrate. Small nodular opacity in left upper lung may be secondary to superimposed structures or early infiltrate


16) thoracic aorta?:

    A: Aorta tortuous
    A: Tortuous aorta
    A: Aortic calcifications
    A: Prominent ascending aorta
    A: Aortic XXXX calcifications
    A: Some tortuosity thoracic aorta
    A: Unfolding of the thoracic aorta
    A: Stable unfolding the thoracic aorta
    A: Tortuosity of the thoracic aorta noted
    A: The aorta is atherosclerotic and ectatic
    A: There is tortuosity and ectasia of the aorta
    A: There is mild tortuosity of the thoracic aorta
    A: Note is XXXX of calcifications in the aortic XXXX
    A: Atherosclerotic calcifications of the thoracic aorta
    A: There is mild tortuosity to the descending thoracic aorta
    A: Aortic calcifications consistent with atherosclerotic disease
    A: Atherosclerotic calcifications of the aortic XXXX are again seen
    A: Aorta is heavily calcified and tortuous , consistent with atherosclerotic disease
    A: Mild aortic ectasia/tortuosity , no typical mediastinal widening to suggest vascular injury
    A: Considering technical factors heart size XXXX mildly enlarged , aortic calcifications and ectasia/tortuosity , mediastinal calcifications suggest a previous granulomatous process


17) atelectasis?:

    A: Minimal right middle lobe atelectasis
    A: XXXX scarring or atelectasis right midlung
    A: Mild XXXX XXXX atelectasis. Bibasilar atelectasis
    A: Minimal right basilar subsegmental atelectasis noted
    A: decreased left lower lobe atelectasis infiltrate and effusion
    A: There is a small area of scarring or atelectasis in the left base
    A: Streaky opacities at the lung bases , XXXX subsegmental atelectasis
    A: There is minimal airspace disease in the left lung base , XXXX atelectasis
    A: Low lung volumes with minimal streaky basilar airspace disease , XXXX atelectasis
    A: There are low lung volumes causing bibasilar atelectasis and bronchovascular crowding
    A: Streaky left basilar airspace opacities , which could reflect atelectasis and /or infection
    A: There are XXXX opacities within both lung bases , XXXX representing atelectasis. Bibasilar atelectasis
    A: Lateral image is degraded by motion but there suggestion of minimal bibasilar airspace disease/atelectasis
    A: Chronic parenchymal changes are noted with mild scarring and /or subsegmental atelectasis in the right lung base
    A: Stable cardiomegaly with significantly low lung volumes and associated bronchovascular crowding and bibasilar atelectasis
    A: XXXX XXXX opacities compatible with atelectasis. Low lung volumes with elevated left hemidiaphragm and basilar subsegmental atelectasis
    A: There is a focal area of scarring or XXXX atelectasis identified in the lingula. Focal area of XXXX scarring or atelectasis within the lingula
    A: Low lung volumes , causing streaky bibasilar atelectasis and bronchovascular crowding. Low lung volumes with subsequent bronchovascular crowding and bibasilar atelectasis
    A: The lungs are hypoinflated with mild basilar bronchovascular crowding/atelectasis. There is mild XXXX atelectasis in the left lung base. Low lung volumes with mild basilar atelectasis , left greater than right
    A: Again seen are platelike horizontal opacities in both lung bases through this is consistent with scarring or subsegmental atelectasis. Unchanged platelike bibasilar opacities most XXXX representing scarring or subsegmental atelectasis


18) edema?:

    A: No edema
    A: No pulmonary edema
    A: No edema or effusions
    A: There is no pulmonary edema
    A: No edema or airspace consolidation
    A: Lungs are clear no effusions or edema
    A: No typical findings of pulmonary edema
    A: No typical findings of pulmonary edema
    A: No typical findings of pulmonary edema
    A: Moderate cardiomegaly without pulmonary edema
    A: Bibasilar airspace disease may represent infection or mild edema
    A: Mild bronchovascular crowding without typical findings of pulmonary edema
    A: No alveolar consolidation , no findings of pleural effusion or pulmonary edema
    A: No pneumonia , effusions , edema , pneumothorax , adenopathy , nodules or masses
    A: No pneumonia , effusions , edema , pneumothorax , adenopathy , nodules or masses
    A: No focal airspace consolidation , pneumothorax , pleural effusion , or pulmonary edema
    A: Bilateral opacities most prominent in the lower lobes XXXX representing airspace disease or edema
    A: Stable cardiomegaly with vascular prominence without overt edema. Stable cardiomegaly without overt pulmonary edema
    A: The interstitial markings appear prominent , which may represent interstitial edema. Mildly prominent interstitial markings , which could represent interstitial edema
    A: There is subpleural edema outlining the right XXXX fissure. Prominent pulmonary vasculature , subpleural edema , peribronchial cuffing suggestive of volume overload versus viral bronchiolitis


19) nodules?:

    A: No pulmonary nodules
    A: There are no nodules or masses
    A: There are no nodules or masses
    A: No nodules , masses , or adenopathy
    A: Left lower lobe nodule which is worrisome
    A: No pulmonary nodules or mass lesions identified
    A: No suspicious appearing lung nodules are identified
    A: Stable right infrahilar nodular density (lateral view)
    A: No pulmonary nodules identified. No pulmonary nodule identified
    A: Bony overlap in the lung apices could obscure a small pulmonary nodule
    A: A dense nodule in the right base suggest a previous granulomatous process
    A: No pneumonia , effusions , edema , pneumothorax , adenopathy , nodules or masses
    A: No pneumonia , effusions , edema , pneumothorax , adenopathy , nodules or masses
    A: No pneumonia , effusions , edema , pneumothorax , adenopathy , nodules or masses
    A: There is a right middle lobe nodule which is denser than adjacent XXXX is most XXXX calcified
    A: There is an 8 mm calcified nodule in the left midlung. There is also a 7 mm calcified nodule near the left hilum
    A: There are 2 right upper lobe lung nodules , the largest measuring approximately 12 mm. Right upper lobe lung nodules
    A: Vague nodular density right upper lobe overlying the right anterior 2nd and posterior 6th ribs. Vague left upper lobe nodular density as described above
    A: The pulmonary nodules and masses masses on previous exam are smaller and not definitely seen. Interval decrease in size of numerous pulmonary nodules and masses. No nodules or masses are definitely seen on XXXX radiograph
    A: There are numerous bilateral pulmonary nodules of varying sizes. Numerous bilateral pulmonary nodules with dominant nodule/mass in the left lower lung. Diagnostic considerations would include primary lung carcinoma with metastatic nodules versus secondary metastatic disease from known brain tumor


20) cardiomegaly?:

    A: Cardiomegaly
    A: Cardiomegaly
    A: Mild cardiomegaly
    A: Mild cardiomegaly
    A: Slight cardiomegaly
    A: Persistent cardiomegaly
    A: There is stable cardiomegaly
    A: Interval development of cardiomegaly
    A: Stable cardiomegaly and features of CABG
    A: Borderline cardiomegaly and cardiac pacemaker
    A: Probable mild cardiomegaly. Stable mild cardiomegaly
    A: Cardiomegaly and mild interstitial pulmonary edema
    A: mild cardiomegaly with normal caliber pulmonary vasculature
    A: Probable mild cardiomegaly , without evidence of acute failure
    A: Stable cardiomegaly with left basilar infiltrate versus atelectasis
    A: Mildly enlarged cardiac silhouette , cardiomegaly versus pericardial effusion
    A: There is mild cardiomegaly. Mild cardiomegaly , with subsegmental atelectasis in the right lower lobe
    A: There is stable mild cardiomegaly without significant pulmonary vascular congestion. Stable cardiomegaly
    A: Cardiomegaly. Cardiomegaly with bibasilar airspace disease and bilateral pleural effusions , right greater than left
    A: Low lung volumes with mild cardiomegaly and scattered right basilar subsegmental atelectasis and scattered retrocardiac airspace opacities


21) surgery?:

    A: Sternotomy
    A: Status post XXXX sternotomy
    A: Status post mediastinal surgery
    A: Status post mediastinal surgery
    A: Prior lower cervical spine surgery
    A: XXXX sternotomy XXXX are grossly intact
    A: Stable cardiomegaly and features of CABG
    A: Patient status post XXXX sternotomy and CABG
    A: Multiple surgical clips overlie the midabdomen
    A: Surgical XXXX is noted in the right upper quadrant
    A: Surgical clips overlying the left breast soft tissues
    A: No change in the appearance of the left upper lobectomy
    A: Presumed closure device at the level of the ligamentum arteriosum
    A: XXXX sternotomy XXXX are intact and unchanged position from prior exam
    A: Sternotomy sutures and bypass graft markers are present. Postoperative chest
    A: Stable XXXX sternotomy XXXX , several of which are interrupted , mediastinal clips
    A: Mid sternotomy XXXX again noted. Clips in the right upper quadrant consistent with cholecystectomy
    A: Postoperative changes from spinal rods are demonstrated. XXXX postoperative changes from the spinal XXXX placement
    A: She has a partial resection of the posterior fourth rib. XXXX scarring or pleural plaque in the left upper lobe with partial resection of the posterior fourth rib
    A: Postsurgical changes of esophagectomy and gastric pull-through are stable. Stable postsurgical changes of esophagectomy with improved bibasilar airspace opacities/atelectasis


22) pneumonia?:

    A: No pneumonia
    A: Bibasilar pneumonia
    A: No effusions or pneumonia
    A: The right lower lobe pneumonia
    A: No evidence for failure or pneumonia
    A: No effusions , pneumonia , nodules or masses
    A: No active pneumonia. No lobar pneumonia is present
    A: There is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia
    A: There is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia
    A: There is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia
    A: There is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia
    A: There are no focal airspace opacities to suggest lobar pneumonia
    A: Patchy left lower lobe airspace disease , possibly atelectasis or pneumonia
    A: No pneumonia , effusions , edema , pneumothorax , adenopathy , nodules or masses
    A: No pneumonia , effusions , edema , pneumothorax , adenopathy , nodules or masses
    A: No pneumonia , effusions , edema , pneumothorax , adenopathy , nodules or masses
    A: No pneumonia , effusions , edema , pneumothorax , adenopathy , nodules or masses
    A: There is focal airspace disease in the right lung base concerning for pneumonia or aspiration
    A: XXXX airspace opacity in the left upper lung which may represent streaky atelectasis or resolving pneumonia
    A: Left lower lobe , superior segment , airspace consolidation , radiographic appearance most typical for pneumonia. XXXX left parapneumonic pleural effusion


23) pulmonary hila?:

    A: Calcified left hilar node
    A: Normal hilar vascular markings
    A: Calcified left hilar lymph XXXX
    A: There are calcified right hilar granuloma
    A: There are calcified left hilar lymph XXXX
    A: The hilar and mediastinal contours are normal
    A: The hilar and mediastinal contours are unchanged
    A: Calcified mediastinal and hilar lymph XXXX unchanged
    A: Normal cardiomediastinal silhouette and hilar contours
    A: Heart size normal , stable mediastinal and hilar contours
    A: The mediastinum and perihilar structures appear unremarkable
    A: There are large calcified mediastinal and right hilar granulomas
    A: Stable borderline cardiomegaly , stable mediastinal and hilar contours
    A: Findings could be related to hilar lymph XXXX or enlarged pulmonary arteries
    A: Calcified mediastinal and hilar lymph XXXX are consistent with prior granulomatous disease
    A: Unchanged calcified granulomas at the left greater than right hilum , in the pretracheal region
    A: Mild fullness of the left hilum , small interval change from prior exam. Increased left hilar fullness
    A: Heart size normal , stable mediastinal and hilar contours , mediastinal calcifications suggest a previous granulomatous process
    A: There is right paratracheal thickening and bilateral hilar enlargement corresponding to lymphadenopathy and XXXX pulmonary arterial enlargement visualized on XXXX chest in XXXX
    A: There is mild increase in perihilar markings XXXX related to patient's history bronchitis. Low lung volumes with increased lung markings particularly in the left perihilar region XXXX related to history of bronchitis


24) diaphragm?:

    A: No free subdiaphragmatic air
    A: No free subdiaphragmatic air
    A: Left hemidiaphragm is elevated
    A: No visible free air under the diaphragm
    A: No visible free air under the diaphragm
    A: Stable elevation of the right hemidiaphragm
    A: Mild eventration of left hemidiaphragm is noted
    A: The lungs are hyperexpanded , with flattened diaphragms
    A: Hyperlucent hyperinflated lungs with flattened diaphragms
    A: There is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm
    A: There is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm
    A: There is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm
    A: There is hyperexpansion of the lungs with flattening of the diaphragms
    A: There is elevated right hemidiaphragm and evidence of right upper lobectomy
    A: There is chronic left hemidiaphragm elevation. Suspected left hemidiaphragm paralysis
    A: Lungs are hyperexpanded with flattening of the diaphragms consistent with emphysematous change
    A: The lungs are hyperinflated with flattening of the diaphragms and tapering of the distal pulmonary vasculature
    A: Mild right hemidiaphragm elevation with mild bronchovascular crowding , right greater than left , indistinct vascular margination
    A: Enteric tube is again noted , coursing below the diaphragm the tip of which is seen projecting over the expected location of the body of the stomach
    A: XXXX densities in the left base , small focal XXXX opacity in the right base with focal posterior right hemidiaphragm elevation and obscured right costophrenic XXXX. Abnormal opacity in the right base XXXX due at XXXX in part to atelectasis with right hemidiaphragm eventration


25) scarring?:

    A: Stable lingular scarring
    A: Stable left lower lobe scarring
    A: XXXX scarring in the left lung base
    A: The appearance XXXX scarring or atelectasis
    A: There is stable XXXX scarring of left mid lung
    A: Strandy scarring in the left lower lobe is unchanged
    A: Minimal XXXX atelectasis or scarring in the left lower lobe
    A: Stable XXXX opacity in the left base , XXXX scarring or atelectasis
    A: Stable biapical lucency and apical scarring , consistent with emphysema
    A: XXXX density in the left lung base XXXX represents atelectasis or scarring
    A: There is a small amount of scarring in the left midlung. Scarring in the left midlung
    A: There are unchanged XXXX opacities throughout the lungs which XXXX represent scarring
    A: The patient has XXXX right middle lobe atelectasis and scarring in this region on old CT scans
    A: Blunting of the costophrenic XXXX XXXX represents scarring. Scarring at the lateral costophrenic XXXX
    A: Minimal patchy infiltrate/atelectasis in medial right base and lingular scarring or subsegmental atelectasis
    A: A few XXXX opacities are present consistent with XXXX XXXX of scarring or atelectasis. This may represent scarring or atelectasis
    A: Some XXXX opacities compatible with subsegmental atelectasis/scarring noted projecting over region of right middle lobe/lingula on lateral view
    A: Lungs are mildly hypoinflated with minimal streaky atelectasis or scar in the lung bases. Mildly low lung volumes with XXXX atelectasis or scarring in the lung bases
    A: No focal consolidation , pneumothorax , or large pleural effusion identified (blunting of costophrenic recesses bilaterally may represent small effusions or pleural thickening/scar
    A: Irregular NUMBER cm opacity in the left upper lung is identified both on PA and lateral views and XXXX represents chronic scarring. XXXX scarring or pleural plaque in the left upper lobe with partial resection of the posterior fourth rib


26) tortuosity?:

    A: Tortuous aorta
    A: Aorta tortuous
    A: Aorta is tortuous
    A: Stable tortuous aorta
    A: Tortuous thoracic aorta
    A: Tortuous and ectatic aorta
    A: The thoracic aorta is tortuous
    A: Mildly tortuous thoracic aorta
    A: The aorta is calcified and tortuous
    A: The thoracic aorta is mildly tortuous
    A: Aorta is calcified ectatic and tortuous
    A: The descending thoracic aorta is tortuous
    A: There is mild cardiomegaly and tortuous aorta
    A: The thoracic aorta is mildly tortuous and calcified
    A: There is mild tortuosity to the descending thoracic aorta
    A: Again noted is tortuosity and unfolding of the thoracic aorta
    A: The thoracic aorta remains tortuous. Stable tortuosity of the thoracic aorta
    A: Aorta is tortuous. Upper limits of normal in size heart and mild tortuosity of the aortic XXXX
    A: Cardiomediastinal silhouette demonstrates stable mild tortuosity of the thoracic aorta , heart size normal
    A: Considering technical factors heart size XXXX mildly enlarged , aortic calcifications and ectasia/tortuosity , mediastinal calcifications suggest a previous granulomatous process


27) tubes and lines?:

    A: Gastrostomy tube is noted
    A: Interval removal of right PICC
    A: The central venous line has been removed
    A: Tracheostomy tube tip 4 cm above the carina
    A: Left anterior chest wall pacemaker/defibrillator
    A: Interval removal of left-sided intravenous catheter
    A: Right-sided chest XXXX catheter tip is at the lower SVC
    A: Left IJ dual-lumen catheter is visualized without pneumothorax
    A: there has been removal of right-sided tunneled dialysis catheter
    A: Tubular densities overlying the heart XXXX are XXXX coronary artery stents
    A: Cardiac pacing leads in stable position , without evidence of acute complication
    A: There is a right-sided chest XXXX identified whose distal tip projects over the SVC
    A: There is interval removal of the tracheostomy tube and right subclavian central venous catheter
    A: There is interval placement of a XXXX on the left chest with the catheter tip in the cavoatrial junction
    A: Previously noted esophagogastric flexion catheter has been removed 5. Previously noted left-sided PICC line has been removed
    A: There are 3 cardiac pacing leads in stable position. Cardiac pacing leads in stable position , without evidence of acute complication
    A: Frontal (on two cassettes) and lateral views of the chest with overlying external cardiac monitor leads show an unchanged cardiomediastinal silhouette
    A: Left-sided PICC line has been placed in the interval with tip XXXX in the innominate vein. Interval placement of left-sided PICC line with tip XXXX in the innominate vein
    A: There has been interval removal of right-sided central venous catheter. Enteric tube is again noted , coursing below the diaphragm the tip of which is seen projecting over the expected location of the body of the stomach
    A: Left pleural catheter is again seen overlying the left upper lung at the level of the left 5th and 6th ribs. No change in moderate left pneumothorax with left pleural drainage catheter again seen overlying the left upper lung


28) interstitial lung disease?:

    A: Prominent interstitial markings
    A: Early interstitial show pulmonary edema
    A: Vascular congestion and diffuse interstitial edema 2
    A: There are chronic appearing right basilar interstitial markings
    A: Persistent prominent interstitial markings of the right upper lobe
    A: XXXX XXXX opacities in the left lung base are compatible with scarring
    A: XXXX opacities in the right lower lung representing atelectasis versus scarring
    A: Crowded bronchovascular and interstitial markings XXXX related to low lung volumes
    A: Hyperinflated lungs with chronic appearing interstitial markings , compatible with emphysema
    A: Stable prominence of the central pulmonary vasculature with coarse central interstitial markings
    A: The interstitial markings are slightly accentuated suggesting underlying chronic disease/emphysema
    A: There are chronically increased interstitial lung markings without superimposed focal airspace disease identified
    A: Moderate bilateral interstitial edema , with cardiomegaly and bilateral effusion consistent with moderate cardiac failure
    A: Scattered XXXX opacities may be secondary to scarring and underlying emphysematous changes versus mild interstitial lung disease
    A: Again seen are platelike horizontal opacities in both lung bases through this is consistent with scarring or subsegmental atelectasis
    A: bibasilar interstitial infiltrates and pulmonary venous engorgement have resolved. Resolving pulmonary interstitial edema and pulmonary venous hypertension
    A: Lungs are mildly hypoinflated with minimal streaky atelectasis or scar in the lung bases. Mildly low lung volumes with XXXX atelectasis or scarring in the lung bases
    A: Stable hyperinflation , bilateral upper lobe pleuroparenchymal near and nodular irregularities , right greater than left , XXXX opacities in the peripheral right lung most compatible with scarring
    A: Prominent interstitial and nodular opacities are increased. Findings of cystic fibrosis with increased interstitial and nodular opacities , XXXX representing acute exacerbation on chronic changes of cystic fibrosis
    A: Mild hypoventilation with bronchovascular crowding and prominent central and basilar interstitial markings. Prominent interstitial markings in the central lungs and bases which may be secondary to low lung volumes with bronchovascular crowding , differential considerations include interstitial infiltrates of inflammatory or infectious etiology and mild pulmonary edema


29) fractures?:

    A: Old right rib fractures
    A: No obvious rib fractures
    A: No thoracic XXXX fractures
    A: No fractures and no dislocations
    A: No acute , displaced rib fractures
    A: No displaced rib fractures visualized
    A: Probable lateral right 8th rib fracture
    A: Old healed left mid posterior rib fractures
    A: No acute , displaced rib fractures identified
    A: Osseous demineralization and T12 XXXX fractures
    A: First rib fracture not well demonstrated on XXXX study
    A: Old healed left 5th and 6th rib fractures are seen laterally
    A: Mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine without fracture
    A: Stable XXXX sternotomy XXXX with fracture of the superior-most sternotomy XXXX
    A: XXXX XXXX opacities obscuring the hemidiaphragms , Right-sided rib fractures again noted
    A: There is corticated irregularity of the right posterior 5th rib , XXXX secondary to old rib fracture
    A: There appears to be a mildly displaced fracture of the mid right clavicle. Mildly displaced fracture of the mid right clavicle
    A: Healed remote left 9th rib fracture. Right shoulder : Negative for fracture or dislocation. Negative for right shoulder fracture or dislocation
    A: No displaced rib fractures are visualized. Limited evaluation of the thoracic spine secondary to osteopenia , age-indeterminate XXXX fracture deformities
    A: The lateral most screw is fractured. No bony fractures are seen. No clavicle fracture is seen. Once again noted is the surgical fixation XXXX , with fracture of the lateral most fixation screw. The lateral most screw of the clavicular fixation XXXX is fractured


30) ribs?:

    A: Prominent first ribs
    A: No displaced rib fractures
    A: No acute displaced rib fractures
    A: Old fractures seen the left 9th rib
    A: healed left rib fractures are noted
    A: Negative for acute displaced rib fracture
    A: Old healed left mid posterior rib fractures
    A: No acute , displaced rib fractures identified
    A: First rib fracture not well demonstrated on XXXX study
    A: There has been previous surgical resection of the left 6th rib
    A: There is redemonstration of right rib deformities XXXX from old XXXX
    A: There are lateral mid right rib deformities , perhaps due to fractures as well
    A: Vague NUMBER cm nodule left mid chest periphery overlying the posterior lateral left 7th rib
    A: The skeletal structures show several old rib fractures unchanged in the prior study on the left
    A: Expansile lesion of the right posterior 9th rib XXXX represents sequelae of known multiple myeloma
    A: Left upper lobe nodular opacity (anterior first rib interspace) may be exaggerated by overlapping bone silhouettes
    A: There is ill-defined density overlying the anterior left 5th rib , possibly healing deformity versus superimposition of structures
    A: There is a vague NUMBER cm nodular opacity in the right upper lobe between the anterior second and third ribs , which could represent focal infiltrate or lung nodule
    A: There is a minimally displaced fracture of the right lateral 7th rib. There appears to be a healing fracture of the posterolateral right 8th rib. Minimally displaced fracture involving the lateral right 7th rib
    A: There is NUMBER cm interruption of the tunneled left central venous catheter , at the level of the overlap of the clavicle and first rib. Left central venous catheter fracture at the level of the overlap of the clavicle and first rib


31) masses?:

    A: No nodular masses
    A: No other nodules or masses
    A: There are no nodules or masses
    A: There are no nodules or masses
    A: There are no nodules or masses
    A: There are no nodules or masses
    A: There are no nodules or masses
    A: There are no visible nodules or masses
    A: No effusions , pneumonia , nodules or masses
    A: No pulmonary nodules or mass lesions identified
    A: No suspicious pulmonary mass or nodule is identified
    A: No masses or suspicious nodules. No suspicious masses or nodules
    A: No pneumonia , effusions , edema , pneumothorax , adenopathy , nodules or masses
    A: No pneumonia , effusions , edema , pneumothorax , adenopathy , nodules or masses
    A: No pneumonia , effusions , edema , pneumothorax , adenopathy , nodules or masses
    A: No pneumonia , effusions , edema , pneumothorax , adenopathy , nodules or masses
    A: No pneumonia , effusions , edema , pneumothorax , adenopathy , nodules or masses
    A: Stable right suprahilar opacity , compatible with history of right upper lobe mass
    A: Circumscribed structure in the AP XXXX could represent lymphadenopathy , mass , pulmonary arterial abnormality XXXX as aneurysm , or enlargement of the left atrial appendage
    A: The pulmonary nodules and masses masses on previous exam are smaller and not definitely seen. Interval decrease in size of numerous pulmonary nodules and masses. No nodules or masses are definitely seen on XXXX radiograph


32) prominence?:

    A: Prominent pulmonary XXXX
    A: Prominent XXXX are stable
    A: Prominent hiatal hernia as before
    A: Pulmonary XXXX are slightly prominent
    A: Pulmonary arteries are prominent centrally
    A: There is a prominence of the pulmonary vasculature
    A: There is stable prominence of the pulmonary interstitium
    A: Stable cardiomegaly and central pulmonary vascular prominence
    A: Prominence of the central vasculature. Prominent central vasculature
    A: Mild nodular prominence of the right hilum , without significant change
    A: The ascending aorta is prominent and descending thoracic aorta is is tortuous
    A: Central vascular prominence and diffuse bilateral interstitial and alveolar opacities
    A: Stable mild interstitial prominence and bilateral lung bases. Stable mild interstitial prominence
    A: Slight basilar prominence of lung markings most XXXX representing some mild chronic inflammatory change
    A: There is prominence of the right and left hilum XXXX representing enlargement of the central pulmonary arteries
    A: Stable XXXX opacity over the left lung base XXXX represents a combination of prominent pericardial fat and overlying breast XXXX
    A: There is interstitial prominence and is basilar patchy air space opacity. Nonspecific interstitial prominence and basilar patchy airspace disease
    A: The interstitial markings appear prominent , which may represent interstitial edema. Mildly prominent interstitial markings , which could represent interstitial edema
    A: There is prominence of the left hilum which may represent adenopathy or engorged vasculature. Prominence of the left hilum may be secondary to adenopathy or enlarged pulmonary vasculature
    A: Mild hypoventilation with bronchovascular crowding and prominent central and basilar interstitial markings. Prominent interstitial markings in the central lungs and bases which may be secondary to low lung volumes with bronchovascular crowding , differential considerations include interstitial infiltrates of inflammatory or infectious etiology and mild pulmonary edema


33) densities?:

    A: No radiodense foreign bodies noted
    A: Minimal XXXX densities , left lung base
    A: Limited right base stringy density compatible with atelectasis
    A: Nodular densities consistent with chronic granulomatous disease
    A: Dense nodules in the left lung suggest a previous granulomatous process
    A: curvilinear XXXX densities over the breast shadows compatible with piercings
    A: There is a small retrocardiac density which may be secondary to small hiatal hernia
    A: Lateral view curvilinear densities over the heart suggestive of coronary artery stents
    A: Nodular density overlying the anterior left 4th rib XXXX represents a healing rib fracture
    A: Subtle airspace density within the medial right lung base , not obscuring the right heart XXXX
    A: Right paratracheal density is stable from prior radiographs and may reflect tortuous vasculature
    A: Dense right lower lobe nodule and right hilar calcifications suggest a previous granulomatous process
    A: There is again soft tissue density projected over the right mid chest , XXXX patient's known large breast mass
    A: this may be artifact or a pulmonary density , a XXXX sclerotic focus within the thoracic XXXX cannot be excluded
    A: Calcified densities within the right paratracheal region and left perihilar region , may represent calcified granulomas
    A: There is ill-defined density overlying the anterior left 5th rib , possibly healing deformity versus superimposition of structures
    A: Vague density in right mid lung , XXXX related to scapular tip and superimposed ribs. Vague density in right XXXX , XXXX related to scapular tip and superimposed ribs
    A: There is a 3 mm x 1 mm density identified on the lateral exam only , possibly within one of the piriform sinuses. Small 3 x 1 mm density possibly in a piriform sinus only seen on the lateral exam
    A: There is a nodular density in the right midlung which is stable from prior studies and noted to represent a granuloma on XXXX of XXXX. Vague right upper/mid lung nodular densities versus scarring and superimposed structures
    A: There is a 1 cm nodular density projecting in the right midlung between the third and fourth right anterior ribs which does not appear to be present on the prior XXXX. XXXX 1 XXXX nodular density seen on the PA view only projecting in the right midlung


34) soft tissue?:

    A: soft tissue appear normal
    A: The soft tissues are normal
    A: soft tissue are unremarkable
    A: soft tissues are unremarkable
    A: soft tissues are unremarkable
    A: Visualized soft tissues are normal
    A: No bony or soft tissue abnormalities
    A: No acute bony or soft tissue abnormality
    A: Bony thorax and soft tissues unremarkable
    A: Osseous structures and soft tissues are normal
    A: Osseous structures and soft tissues are unchanged
    A: Bony thorax and soft tissues grossly unremarkable
    A: Surgical XXXX overlie the soft tissues of the neck
    A: Soft tissues unremarkable. Soft tissue XXXX around ankle
    A: XXXX XXXX in the soft tissues of the right upper extremity
    A: Soft tissues are unremarkable , No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
    A: Soft tissue XXXX previously noted along the right lateral chest wall has resolved
    A: Subtle increased opacity of right mid hemithorax XXXX related to superimposed soft tissues
    A: Soft tissue density overlying the left lateral upper chest may represent the patient's lipoma
    A: Unchanged multiple XXXX foreign bodies overlying the left clavicle and midline in the posterior soft tissues


35) emphysema?:

    A: Emphysema
    A: Emphysema
    A: Pulmonary emphysema
    A: Appearance suggests emphysema
    A: Emphysematous changes of the lungs
    A: This could suggest emphysematous bullae
    A: Chronic changes consistent with emphysema
    A: Emphysema and scarring without acute disease
    A: Emphysema without acute cardiopulmonary process
    A: The lungs are hyperexpanded , consistent with emphysema
    A: There is right greater than left biapical bullous emphysema
    A: Stable emphysematous changes without acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
    A: The lungs appear hyperexpanded suggesting emphysema. The pattern suggests emphysema
    A: Severe emphysematous disease is again noted. Stable findings consistent with severe emphysema
    A: The lungs are hyperexpanded consistent with emphysema. Hyperexpanded lungs consistent with emphysema
    A: Marked bullous emphysematous changes and traction bronchiectasis , again most notable involving the bilateral upper lobes
    A: Diaphragm flattening and relative apical lucencies suggestive of emphysema and irregular interstitial markings , right greater than left
    A: There are mild bilateral prominent lung interstitial opacities consistent with emphysematous disease. Changes of emphysema and left lower lobe scarring
    A: There is severe underlying emphysema. Patchy airspace disease on the lateral view , probably within the right lower lobe , XXXX a pneumonia superimposed on XXXX severe underlying emphysema
    A: There is hyperexpansion , hyperlucency of both lungs , as well as flattening of the diaphragm consistent with chronic emphysematous lung disease. Changes of chronic emphysematous lung disease without acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified


36) apical zone?:

    A: Apical lordotic frontal view
    A: Small right apical pneumothorax
    A: Chin obscures the pulmonary apices
    A: There is no evidence of apical disease
    A: This is an apical lordotic view the chest
    A: This measures NUMBER cm at the level the right apex
    A: Right apical fibronodular pleural scarring/thickening
    A: The aortic XXXX , cardiac apex , stomach are left-sided
    A: Focal pleural thickening in the left apex is XXXX scarring
    A: There are chronic changes particularly noted in the lung apices
    A: There is no evidence for mass lung apices. No evidence for apical mass
    A: This pneumothorax measures up to NUMBER cm in maximum width at the apex
    A: Calcific density in the right lung apex , compatible with calcified granuloma
    A: Nodular opacity at the left apex may be exaggerated by overlapping bone silhouettes
    A: Evaluation for pneumothorax is limited due to exclusion of the superior-most pulmonary apices
    A: Mild right apex curvature of the upper thoracic spine is nonspecific and could be related to patient positioning
    A: There is haziness in the right lung apex. Haziness in the right lung apex and questionable right middle lobe pulmonary nodule
    A: Air collection with air-fluid level is seen in the right medial apical region projecting into the level of thoracic inlet , XXXX within the pleural space
    A: Possible subtle increased opacity in right apex versus technique. Possible subtle increased opacity in right apex otherwise unremarkable appearance of lung XXXX
    A: Irregularity within the right apex is consistent with patient's known cavitary lesion as a sequela of prior tuberculosis. Right apical cavitary lesion consistent with history of tuberculosis without active infectious process identified


37) trachea?:

    A: Trachea is midline
    A: Trachea is midline
    A: Trachea is midline
    A: The trachea is midline
    A: The trachea is midline
    A: The trachea is midline
    A: The trachea is midline
    A: The trachea is midline
    A: The trachea is midline
    A: The trachea is midline
    A: The trachea is midline
    A: The trachea is midline
    A: The trachea is midline
    A: Prominent right paratracheal stripe
    A: Mild rightward deviation of the trachea
    A: Granulomatous calcifications in the paratracheal region
    A: Right paratracheal prominence XXXX represents tortuous XXXX
    A: There are extensive fibrotic changes in the right lung with rightward shift of the trachea
    A: Right paratracheal stripe is denser and XXXX than normal. Right paratracheal mass , possibly lymphadenopathy
    A: Prominent right paratracheal soft tissue density. Right mid lung mass with mild right paratracheal soft tissue may be secondary to associated lymphadenopathy


38) bronchus?:

    A: There is central bronchovascular crowding
    A: Low lung volumes with bronchovascular crowding
    A: The lung volumes are low with bronchovascular crowding
    A: Low lung volumes with bronchovascular crowding at the bases
    A: Low lung volumes with redemonstrated bronchovascular crowding
    A: Bronchovascular crowding without typical findings of pulmonary edema
    A: Similar bronchiectatic changes with diffuse patchy airspace opacities
    A: There are diminished lung volumes with central bronchovascular crowding
    A: Mild bronchovascular crowding without typical findings of pulmonary edema
    A: Lung volumes are decreased from XXXX , there is resultant bronchovascular crowding
    A: Low lung volumes with mild bronchovascular crowding and right basilar airspace disease
    A: Crowded bronchovascular markings in the hilar and perihilar region , right lower lung zones
    A: There are low lung volumes with associated bronchovascular crowding and basilar subsegmental atelectasis
    A: Lung volumes are low with central bronchovascular crowding and patchy basilar atelectasis , Degenerative changes of the spine
    A: Low lung volumes with bronchovascular crowding. Low lung volumes with bronchovascular crowding , no acute cardiopulmonary finding
    A: Right lung bronchovascular crowding and indistinct vascular margination which may be secondary to crowding , infiltrates or pulmonary edema
    A: Low lung volumes XXXX XXXX atelectasis and bronchovascular crowding. Low lung volumes causing bibasilar atelectasis and bronchovascular crowding
    A: Low lung volumes , causing streaky bibasilar atelectasis and bronchovascular crowding. Low lung volumes with subsequent bronchovascular crowding and bibasilar atelectasis
    A: Perihilar opacities which may represent changes due to bronchiectasis. Vague nodular opacities in the right lung zone may represent dilated bronchi filled with mucous or possibly focal areas of peribronchial pneumonia
    A: Mild hypoventilation with bronchovascular crowding and prominent central and basilar interstitial markings. Prominent interstitial markings in the central lungs and bases which may be secondary to low lung volumes with bronchovascular crowding , differential considerations include interstitial infiltrates of inflammatory or infectious etiology and mild pulmonary edema


39) adenopathy?:

    A: No lymphadenopathy
    A: Stable bilateral hilar adenopathy
    A: No nodules , masses , or adenopathy
    A: No discrete nodules or adenopathy are noted
    A: No discrete adenopathy or significant scarring
    A: lateral views of the chest show enlarging right hilar adenopathy
    A: No pneumonia , effusions , edema , pneumothorax , adenopathy , nodules or masses
    A: No pneumonia , effusions , edema , pneumothorax , adenopathy , nodules or masses
    A: No pneumonia , effusions , edema , pneumothorax , adenopathy , nodules or masses
    A: No pneumonia , effusions , edema , pneumothorax , adenopathy , nodules or masses
    A: No pneumonia , effusions , edema , pneumothorax , adenopathy , nodules or masses
    A: No pneumonia , effusions , edema , pneumothorax , adenopathy , nodules or masses
    A: No pneumonia , effusions , edema , pneumothorax , adenopathy , nodules or masses
    A: No pneumonia , effusions , edema , pneumothorax , adenopathy , nodules or masses
    A: No pneumonia , effusions , edema , pneumothorax , adenopathy , nodules or masses
    A: No pneumonia , effusions , edema , pneumothorax , adenopathy , nodules or masses
    A: Low left paraspinal/retrocrural adenopathy is present. Left paraspinal/retrocrural adenopathy
    A: Bilateral hilar fullness may indicate pulmonary hypertension , differential diagnosis reactive lymphadenopathy , metastatic disease
    A: Findings may reflect focal airspace disease or adenopathy. Asymmetric left suprahilar opacity , consider focal airspace disease or adenopathy
    A: This may represent the ascending aorta or mediastinal lymphadenopathy. XXXX prominence of the mediastinal contour near the right hilum possibly representing the ascending aorta or mediastinal lymphadenopathy


40) markings?:

    A: Normal hilar vascular markings
    A: Prominent interstitial markings
    A: There are prominent interstitial markings
    A: Central vascular markings are symmetric and normal
    A: There are some chronic increased interstitial markings noted
    A: Diffuse bilateral coarse interstitial markings are unchanged
    A: Persistent prominent interstitial markings of the right upper lobe
    A: Increased interstitial markings and patchy opacities through the bases
    A: There are prominent interstitial markings , including focally in right upper lobe
    A: Prominent increased interstitial markings in both lungs are unchanged in the interval
    A: There are low lung volumes on the frontal view , which accentuates heart size and lung markings
    A: The interstitial markings are slightly accentuated suggesting underlying chronic disease/emphysema
    A: Slight basilar prominence of lung markings most XXXX representing some mild chronic inflammatory change
    A: Moderate severe hyperexpansion of the lungs and decreased peripheral vascular markings , consistent with emphysema
    A: The lungs are hyperinflated with coarse interstitial markings compatible with obstructive pulmonary disease and emphysema
    A: Scattered chronic appearing irregular interstitial markings with no focal alveolar consolidation , no definite pleural effusion seen
    A: XXXX densities in the lingula may be compatible with scarring or subsegmental atelectasis , scattered chronic appearing irregular interstitial markings
    A: Exaggerated kyphosis with increased AP dimension of the thorax , curvilinear density projected over the right anterior 3rd and 4th ribs beyond which lung markings are seen XXXX skin fold artifact
    A: There is mild increase in perihilar markings XXXX related to patient's history bronchitis. Low lung volumes with increased lung markings particularly in the left perihilar region XXXX related to history of bronchitis
    A: The infrahilar pulmonary markings appear slightly prominent bilaterally but difficult to completely exclude some reactive airway/bronchitic changes in the absence of comparison radiographs , No airspace consolidation or lobar atelectasis


41) bronchovascular crowding?:

    A: There is central bronchovascular crowding
    A: Low lung volumes with bronchovascular crowding
    A: The lung volumes are low with bronchovascular crowding
    A: The lung volumes are low , with bronchovascular crowding
    A: There are low lung volumes causing bronchovascular crowding
    A: Bronchovascular crowding without typical findings of pulmonary edema
    A: There are low lung volumes with bronchovascular crowding as a result
    A: There are low lung volumes , with bronchovascular crowding as a result
    A: There are diminished lung volumes with central bronchovascular crowding
    A: There are very low lung volumes with associated central bronchovascular crowding
    A: Very low lung volumes , bronchovascular crowding and bibasilar areas of atelectasis
    A: Increased XXXX opacities on lateral projection XXXX reflect bronchovascular crowding
    A: There is mild basilar bronchovascular crowding , without evidence of focal airspace disease
    A: There are low lung volumes with associated bronchovascular crowding and basilar subsegmental atelectasis
    A: Low lung volumes with bronchovascular crowding. Low lung volumes with bronchovascular crowding , no acute cardiopulmonary finding
    A: Low lung volumes with bronchovascular crowding. Heart size normal , bronchovascular crowding without typical findings of pulmonary edema
    A: Rotated apical lordotic frontal projection , mild bronchovascular crowding and scattered chronic appearing irregular interstitial markings
    A: Low lung volumes , causing streaky bibasilar atelectasis and bronchovascular crowding. Low lung volumes with subsequent bronchovascular crowding and bibasilar atelectasis
    A: There is infrahilar interstitial prominence which may represent bronchovascular crowding lung. Small bilateral pleural effusions and right infrahilar infiltrate versus bronchovascular crowding
    A: Mild hypoventilation with bronchovascular crowding and prominent central and basilar interstitial markings. Prominent interstitial markings in the central lungs and bases which may be secondary to low lung volumes with bronchovascular crowding , differential considerations include interstitial infiltrates of inflammatory or infectious etiology and mild pulmonary edema


42) fluid?:

    A: Bilateral pleural fluid
    A: No visible pleural fluid
    A: No visible pleural fluid
    A: No visible pleural fluid
    A: No visible pleural fluid
    A: No visible pleural fluid
    A: No visible pleural fluid
    A: No visible pleural fluid
    A: No visible pleural fluid
    A: The cardiac fluid is now mildly enlarged
    A: Interval improvement in left lung pleural fluid
    A: No pleural fluid or pneumothorax is appreciated
    A: Bibasilar airspace disease and bilateral pleural fluid
    A: Persistent bibasilar airspace disease and bilateral pleural fluid
    A: Air-fluid level is present behind the heart which probably represents a hiatal hernia
    A: This could indicate a small amount of pleural fluid versus pleural-parenchymal scarring
    A: Fluid noted in small bowel and stomach. Cardiomegaly/pericardial fluid and small bilateral pleural effusions 2
    A: There is prominence of the interstitial markings with fluid in the fissures consistent with interstitial edema
    A: Minimal blunting of the lateral sulci bilaterally XXXX reflects pleural thickening or scarring , no dependent pleural fluid posteriorly
    A: Mild left costophrenic XXXX blunting XXXX XXXX basilar pleural effusion , increased left suprahilar opacity , differential diagnosis includes increased volume loss , apical pleural fluid , tumor progression


43) infection?:

    A: No active infectious/tuberculous process
    A: Evidence of previous granulomatous infection
    A: findings may indicate edema or atypical infection
    A: Left base opacity may represent early infection or atelectasis
    A: Bibasilar airspace disease may represent infection or mild edema
    A: No evidence of pneumonia or post primary tuberculosis infection 2
    A: Lungs are clear except for residuals of prior granulomatous infection
    A: Left basilar patchy opacities , which may represent atelectasis or infection
    A: Left midlung opacity may be secondary to acute infectious process or developing mass lesion
    A: A there are calcified mediastinal and hilar lymph XXXX suggesting prior histoplasmosis infection
    A: Bilateral lower lung airspace disease right greater than left , most XXXX representing acute infectious process
    A: Increased interstitial prominence may reflect underlying pulmonary edema possibly secondary to infectious etiology
    A: There are small calcified nodules in the superior segment of the right lower lobe , XXXX old granulomatous infection
    A: Streaky opacities in the right lower lobe most suggestive of atelectasis , differential diagnosis includes atypical infection
    A: Abnormal pulmonary opacities most suggestive of pulmonary edema , primary differential diagnosis includes infection and aspiration
    A: XXXX onset right basal atelectasis with airspace disease and effusion suggestive of the chest infection. XXXX onset right basal chest infection
    A: No evidence of active infection. Right apical cavitary lesion consistent with history of tuberculosis without active infectious process identified
    A: There is a vague right suprahilar density with elevation of the XXXX fissure most XXXX mild subsegmental atelectasis though superimposed infection cannot be entirely excluded
    A: Abnormal interstitial pattern , nonspecific in appearance with XXXX differential diagnosis including chronic interstitial lung disease , infectious , inflammatory process , atypical pulmonary edema
    A: Prominent interstitial markings in the central lungs and bases which may be secondary to low lung volumes with bronchovascular crowding , differential considerations include interstitial infiltrates of inflammatory or infectious etiology and mild pulmonary edema


44) air collections?:

    A: No pleural air collection
    A: Small medial left upper lobe pleural air collection
    A: There is no free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm
    A: Hyperinflated lungs , air trapping versus inspiratory XXXX
    A: No focal parenchymal infiltrates or pleural air collections
    A: There is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm
    A: There is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm
    A: There is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm
    A: There is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm
    A: There is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm
    A: There is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm
    A: There is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm
    A: There is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm
    A: There is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm
    A: There is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm
    A: There is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm
    A: XXXX lucency under the right hemidiaphragm may represent free intraperitoneal air
    A: XXXX onset right basal atelectasis with airspace disease and effusion suggestive of the chest infection
    A: There are streaky left basilar airspace opacities , compatible with atelectasis as seen on comparison abdomen and pelvis CT
    A: The airspace opacities in right upper lobe seen on XXXX chest are not visualized on this study which could be due to difference in technique and patient rotation


45) free air?:

    A: No free subdiaphragmatic air
    A: No free subdiaphragmatic air
    A: No free subdiaphragmatic air
    A: No free subdiaphragmatic air
    A: No visible free air under the diaphragm
    A: No visible free air under the diaphragm
    A: Small amount of subdiaphragmatic free air
    A: There is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm
    A: There is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm
    A: There is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm
    A: There is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm
    A: There is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm
    A: There is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm
    A: There is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm
    A: There is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm
    A: There is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm
    A: There is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm
    A: There is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm
    A: No free intraperitoneal air in the diaphragm. No air-fluid levels or free intraperitoneal air
    A: Small left retrocardiac opacity , may represent minimal atelectasis or small focus of airspace disease


46) lesions?:

    A: No cavitary lesions
    A: No cavitary lesion to suggest
    A: No destructive bony lesions are seen
    A: No evidence for cardiopulmonary injury
    A: upper mediastinal hematoma not excluded
    A: No acute osseous injury XXXX demonstrated
    A: There is no obvious lytic or destructive lesion
    A: Left upper lobe opacities , cannot exclude mass lesions
    A: Deformity of the lateral left 6th rib , XXXX old injury
    A: Possible old injury or developmental anomaly partially T12-L1
    A: Scattered XXXX densities throughout the chest from prior gunshot wound
    A: A cystic lesion in the right upper lobe appears similar to prior examination
    A: No evidence for cardiopulmonary injury. Soft tissue edema with no visible bony injury
    A: Heart size normal for technique , no typical mediastinal widening of vascular injury
    A: Mild aortic ectasia/tortuosity , no typical mediastinal widening to suggest vascular injury
    A: Expansile lesion of the right posterior 9th rib XXXX represents sequelae of known multiple myeloma
    A: Winged right scapula consistent with supporting structure soft tissue injury. No visible cardiopulmonary injury
    A: Not highly characteristic appearance of contusion or aspiration. Chronic appearing contour deformity of the distal right clavicle suggests old injury
    A: Heart size and pulmonary vascularity normal , no mediastinal widening characteristic in appearance of vascular injury. No acute osseous injury XXXX demonstrated
    A: These may be related to overlying rib lesions versus true pulmonary nodules. Ill-defined XXXX right upper lung opacities , possibly related to superimposed rib lesions versus developing pulmonary nodules


47) hernias?:

    A: Hiatal hernia
    A: Morgagni hernia
    A: Small hiatal hernia
    A: Moderate hiatal hernia
    A: No change hiatus hernia
    A: There is a hiatal hernia
    A: There is a small hiatal hernia
    A: Prominent hiatal hernia as before
    A: No change in the large hiatus hernia
    A: Probable large retrocardiac hiatal hernia
    A: A moderate hiatal hernia is present. Moderate hiatus hernia
    A: Small hiatal hernia is not as well demonstrated on this exam
    A: Unchanged eventration of the left hemidiaphragm versus small hernia (Bochdalek)
    A: Radiodensity overlying the middle cardiac silhouette , XXXX representing a hiatal hernia
    A: There is a hiatal hernia with soft tissue projecting behind the mediastinum. Hiatal hernia
    A: Air-fluid level is present behind the heart which probably represents a hiatal hernia. Probable hiatal hernia
    A: Stable increased density overlying the lower mediastinum , is XXXX due to hiatal hernia seen on XXXX examination
    A: There is an air-fluid level in the middle mediastinum , most XXXX secondary to a large hiatal hernia. Probable large hiatal hernia
    A: There appears to be air within this which could suggest that this represents a hiatal hernia. The appearance suggests hiatal hernia
    A: Surgical clips again seen overlying the superior mediastinum , There is an retrocardiac density compatible hiatal hernia. Retrocardiac density compatible with hiatal hernia


48) vena cava?:

    A: Catheter tip mid SVC
    A: Catheter tip in upper SVC
    A: Right chest XXXX in the SVC
    A: Right chest XXXX tip low SVC
    A: Right PICC tip is at the SVC
    A: Right-sided central catheter tip low SVC
    A: Right chest XXXX tip projects over the upper SVC
    A: There is a left chest XXXX with tip in the mid SVC
    A: Left subclavian central line tip is at the upper SVC
    A: The right chest XXXX tip is visualized in the mid SVC
    A: Right-sided chest XXXX catheter tip is at the lower SVC
    A: Catheter tip may be within the proximal SVC or azygos vein
    A: Right chest central venous line is noted with tip in the mid SVC
    A: There is a right chest XXXX with tip projecting over the lower SVC
    A: The tip projects over the upper SVC. Tip now projects over upper SVC
    A: There is a right chest XXXX with central venous catheter tip overlying the high SVC
    A: Stable right-sided subclavian central venous catheter with tip approximating the SVC
    A: Right subclavian catheter tip is in the lower SVC. The left upper extremity PICC tip is in the mid SVC
    A: The tip appears to be in the proximal SVC. XXXX right upper extremity PICC line with tip in proximal SVC
    A: There is a stable left PICC with tip overlying the mid SVC and large XXXX feeding tube courses below the diaphragm


49) lung parenchyma?:

    A: Lung parenchyma is clear
    A: Lung parenchyma is clear
    A: Lung parenchyma is clear
    A: Lung parenchyma is clear
    A: No parenchymal infiltrates
    A: No active parenchymal disease
    A: This may reflect XXXX parenchymal nodules
    A: Stable biapical pleural-parenchymal scarring
    A: No airspace disease or other parenchymal infiltrates
    A: No areas of parenchymal consolidation or pleural effusion
    A: Bilateral apical bullae and parenchymal scars are unchanged
    A: The lung parenchyma is clear , without focal airspace opacity
    A: Multiple calcified granulomas in the bilateral XXXX and lung parenchyma
    A: The differential diagnosis includes round pneumonia and parenchymal mass
    A: This could indicate a small amount of pleural fluid versus pleural-parenchymal scarring
    A: For more detailed evaluation of the lung parenchyma consider XXXX with high resolution technique
    A: Stable mild hyperinflation , right apical pleural-parenchymal irregularities compatible with scarring
    A: Could represent pancreatic parenchymal calcifications of chronic pancreatitis or old granulomatous sequela
    A: Minimal opacity at the lateral costophrenic XXXX may be due to degree of lung inflation versus minimal pleural-parenchymal scarring or XXXX atelectasis
    A: The lungs are hyperinflated with biapical pleural-parenchymal scarring and upward retraction of the XXXX. Hyperinflation with chronic upper lobe reticular-nodular pleural-parenchymal opacities and hilar retraction


50) COPD?:

    A: COPD
    A: COPD
    A: COPD
    A: XXXX change COPD
    A: Stable changes of COPD
    A: COPD and old granulomatous disease
    A: Findings of COPD with no acute changes
    A: COPD and probable right basilar scarring
    A: Hyperexpanded lung XXXX compatible with COPD
    A: Chronic interstitial pattern , may reflect COPD
    A: Findings of COPD and left base focal atelectasis
    A: Changes in the lungs consistent with COPD/emphysema
    A: Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease with no acute findings
    A: Lungs demonstrate increased interstitial markings probably COPD
    A: COPD and chronic opacities more pronounced in the lower lung XXXX
    A: COPD with almost completely resolved right apical pleural air collection
    A: Hyperexpanded lungs consistent with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease
    A: The lungs are hyperaerated suggestive of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease. COPD
    A: Hyperexpansion , flattening of diaphragms , increased AP diameter consistent with history of COPD
    A: The lungs are hyperexpanded and hyperlucent compatible with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease. Findings of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease


51) lucencies?:

    A: Hyperlucent lungs with apical XXXX
    A: The lungs are mildly hyperlucent but clear
    A: A vague lucency is present in left rib 7 anteriorly
    A: Hyperlucent hyperinflated lungs with flattened diaphragms
    A: Lucencies throughout the chest XXXX representing emphysematous change
    A: There is stable lucency in the right mid clavicle dating back to XXXX
    A: Stable biapical lucency and apical scarring , consistent with emphysema
    A: There is lucency beneath the diaphragm , consistent with pneumoperitoneum
    A: Hyperlucent right apex with hyperinflation consistent with emphysematous changes
    A: There is a left subphrenic crescentic lucency , this is concerning for pneumoperitoneum
    A: There is a large rounded lucency in the right upper lung , XXXX large emphysematous XXXX
    A: There are several small circular opacities in the right upper lung , some of which are centrally lucent
    A: XXXX lucency along the left ventricular XXXX XXXX related to interface between the heart and aerated lung
    A: There are increased lucencies in the bilateral apices along with horizontal oblique scarring in the left upper lobe
    A: Hyperexpansion of the lungs with hyperlucency and flattening of hemidiaphragms suggestive of chronic emphysematous lung disease
    A: Diaphragm flattening and relative apical lucencies suggestive of emphysema and irregular interstitial markings , right greater than left
    A: There is a curvilinear lucency that appears to be in the right hemidiaphragm and a small amount of free intraperitoneal air may be present
    A: There is a small cortical lucency through the base of the fourth metacarpal that may be a vascular XXXX. Lucency through the base of the fourth metacarpal
    A: XXXX lucency under the right hemidiaphragm may represent a focus of free air. XXXX lucency under the right hemidiaphragm may represent free intraperitoneal air
    A: There is an obliquely oriented XXXX lucency through the posterior right 12th rib. Acute obliquely oriented lucency through the right 12th posterior rib , concerning for acute fracture


52) fibrosis?:

    A: No fibrosis
    A: Diffuse fibrosis
    A: Right upper lobe fibronodular infiltrate
    A: Biapical fibronodular thickening/scarring
    A: Lungs are clear without evidence of fibrosis
    A: Probable interstitial edema , less XXXX fibrosis
    A: No change right upper lobe volume loss and fibrosis
    A: Left basilar opacity XXXX represents chronic fibrosis/scar
    A: Concerning findings for fibrosis in the bases of the lungs
    A: Findings may reflect atelectasis and /or mild fibrotic change
    A: Patient has stable interstitial fibrotic changes throughout both lungs
    A: This could be due to edema superimposed on emphysema or pneumonitis or fibrosis
    A: Further fibrosis and collapse of the left upper lobe with left apical pleural thickening
    A: Bilateral upper lobe XXXX , fibronodular infiltrates which have been there on prior exams
    A: There are prominent interstitial opacities which may represent changes associated with fibrosis
    A: There are stable mild interstitial lung changes , which could be related to chronic edema or fibrosis
    A: Bilateral emphysematous again noted and lower lobe fibrotic changes. Stable bilateral emphysematous and lower lobe fibrotic changes
    A: Redemonstration of interstitial opacities , consistent with patient's history of pulmonary fibrosis. Interstitial markings bilaterally , pulmonary fibrosis
    A: Prominent interstitial markings are again noted which are predominantly lower lobe and peripheral suggesting pulmonary fibrosis. Overall stable appearance of the chest suggesting pulmonary fibrosis
    A: Diffuse increased bilateral pulmonary interstitial markings , consistent with the patient's history of known pulmonary fibrosis , with relative sparing of the bilateral lung apices. Redemonstration of diffuse bilateral pulmonary fibrosis with relative sparing of the bilateral lung apices


53) cancer or tumor?:

    A: No evidence of metastatic disease
    A: No x-XXXX evidence of metastatic disease
    A: No definite evidence of metastatic disease
    A: Metastatic disease is possible , is not XXXX
    A: No radiographic evidence of metastatic disease
    A: This may represent lymphangitic spread of carcinoma
    A: XXXX right upper lobe mass , suspicious for neoplasm
    A: No evidence for metastatic disease by radiographic evaluation
    A: Stable left proximal humeral enchondroma versus remote bony infarct
    A: Multiple bilateral pulmonary nodules , concerning for metastatic disease
    A: Multiple nodules in both the left and right lungs consistent with neoplasm
    A: Large medial right upper lobe mass highly concerning for primary lung cancer
    A: This most XXXX represents overlying degenerative spurring XXXX than metastasis
    A: Expansile lesion of the right posterior 9th rib XXXX represents sequelae of known multiple myeloma
    A: The appearance is concerning for metastatic disease , given the history of right-sided breast cancer
    A: Nodular opacities scattered throughout the lungs compatible with known pulmonary parenchymal metastatic disease
    A: FINDINGS COULD REPRESENT RESOLVING HISTOPLASMOSIS INFECTION , SARCOIDOSIS , OR MALIGNANCY XXXX AS LYMPHOMA OR PRIMARY LUNG CANCER
    A: Increasing density in the superior segment XXXX the left lower lobe , XXXX seen on lateral view , consistent worsening of known tumor
    A: Bone scan would be helpful to evaluate for potential metastatic disease. Bone scan would be helpful to evaluate for metastatic disease to the bone
    A: There are bilateral pulmonary nodules whose appearances suggest metastatic disease to lungs. Bilateral pulmonary nodules suggesting pulmonary metastases 2


54) airways?:

    A: The airway is XXXX
    A: Central airways are XXXX
    A: The central airway is midline
    A: Normal pulmonary vasculature and central airways
    A: Normal pulmonary vasculature and central airways
    A: Normal pulmonary vasculature and central airways
    A: Normal pulmonary vasculature and central airways
    A: Findings most suggestive of infectious or reactive small airways disease
    A: Normal mediastinal contour , pulmonary XXXX and vasculature , central airways and lung volumes
    A: Normal mediastinal contour , pulmonary XXXX and vasculature , central airways and lung volumes
    A: Normal mediastinal contour , pulmonary XXXX and vasculature , central airways and lung volumes
    A: Normal mediastinal contour , pulmonary XXXX and vasculature , central airways and lung volumes
    A: Normal mediastinal contour , pulmonary XXXX and vasculature , central airways and lung volumes
    A: Normal mediastinal contour , pulmonary XXXX and vasculature , central airways and lung volumes
    A: Normal mediastinal contour , pulmonary XXXX and vasculature , central airways and lung volumes
    A: Normal mediastinal contour , pulmonary XXXX and vasculature , central airways and aeration of the lungs
    A: Normal mediastinal contour , pulmonary XXXX and vasculature , central airways and aeration of the lungs
    A: Normal mediastinal contour , pulmonary XXXX and vasculature , central airways and aeration of the lungs
    A: There are reticular opacities in the medial right middle lobe with tubular airway ectasia which obscures the right heart XXXX
    A: The infrahilar pulmonary markings appear slightly prominent bilaterally but difficult to completely exclude some reactive airway/bronchitic changes in the absence of comparison radiographs , No airspace consolidation or lobar atelectasis


55) contrast?:

    A: CT chest with contrast is recommended
    A: CT scan with IV contrast may be helpful
    A: Contrast is seen within the bilateral kidneys
    A: XXXX chest with intravenous contrast for further evaluation
    A: RECOMMEND CONTRAST-ENHANCED CHEST CT FOR FURTHER EVALUATION
    A: CT chest with contrast may be helpful for further evaluation
    A: Chest CT with contrast may be helpful for further clarification
    A: abdomen , pelvis CT with contrast would be helpful for further evaluation
    A: The CT scan without IV contrast could be performed for further evaluation
    A: Further evaluation may require CT with IV contrast and high-resolution scans
    A: further evaluation with contrast-enhanced CT of the thorax could be performed
    A: Radiopaque contrast from recent esophagram projects over the left upper abdomen
    A: Recommend CT of the chest/abdomen with intravenous contrast for further evaluation
    A: CT of the chest with contrast is recommended for further evaluation of these findings
    A: If not already performed , contrast-enhanced XXXX would be XXXX suited to evaluate these findings
    A: There appears to the contrast XXXX within small colonic diverticula in the splenic flexure region
    A: Contrast within the bilateral renal collecting systems. Contrast also probably within the left colon
    A: Consider XXXX of the neck and nasopharynx with intravenous contrast if there is no known potential XXXX
    A: If there are no previous chest x-XXXX from elsewhere are XXXX scan with contrast XXXX be of further XXXX
    A: There is a moderate amount of retained contrast within the distal esophagus. Retained contrast in the distal esophagus


56) sulci?:

    A: XXXX sulci
    A: The posterior sulci are clear
    A: The left costophrenic sulcus is blunted
    A: The right costophrenic sulcus is blunted
    A: Previous sulcal is normal in size and contour
    A: The lungs are relatively clear with XXXX sulci
    A: There is blunting of the bilateral costophrenic sulci
    A: There is suggestion of a deep sulcus sign on the right
    A: There is a calcified granuloma right midlung and posterior costophrenic sulcus
    A: XXXX blunting of the posterior right sulcus may reflect a XXXX right pleural effusion
    A: There is mild blunting of both posterior costophrenic sulci , which may reflect XXXX effusions
    A: Unchanged streaky opacities in the bilateral costophrenic sulci XXXX represent chronic scarring or atelectasis
    A: There is a curvilinear density within and along the right costophrenic sulcus which most XXXX represents a skinfold
    A: There are streaky left basilar opacities and blunting of the left costophrenic sulcus XXXX secondary to a small effusion
    A: This examination is somewhat limited secondary to obscuration of the bilateral posterior costophrenic sulci on the lateral view
    A: Blunting of the lateral and posterior left costophrenic sulcus may represent residual postsurgical effusion or pleural-parenchymal scarring
    A: Minimal XXXX opacities at the posterior sulci. A few septal lines of the left lateral sulcus. The lungs are clear with granulomas and XXXX sulci
    A: Mild bilateral posterior sulcus blunting , interstitial and alveolar opacities greatest in the central lungs and bases with indistinct vascular margination
    A: There are small nodular opacities projecting over the right base in the right costophrenic sulcus , posterior right 9th rib and the anterior T10 vertebral body
    A: There is mild blunting of the posterior sulcus on the lateral view , which could represent a small effusion. Mild blunting of the posterior sulcus , which could represent a small effusion


57) fissures?:

    A: Azygos fissure incidentally noted
    A: There is thickening of the fissure
    A: An accessory azygos fissure is noted
    A: Incidental note XXXX of an azygos fissure
    A: No displacement of the XXXX or XXXX fissure
    A: Incidental note is XXXX of an azygos fissure
    A: Fat seen within the XXXX fissure on the right
    A: Minimal fluid within the right horizontal fissure
    A: There is subpleural edema outlining the right XXXX fissure
    A: There is an accessory azygos fissure in the right upper lung
    A: Small amount of subpleural edema is demonstrated in the fissures
    A: There is some pleural fluid tracking along the right XXXX fissure
    A: There is XXXX patchy airspace disease in the right upper lobe along the XXXX fissure
    A: Patchy right perihilar/upper lobe opacities , which abut the XXXX fissure on lateral projection
    A: There is prominence of the interstitial markings with fluid in the fissures consistent with interstitial edema
    A: There are XXXX opacities which appear to XXXX XXXX above the right XXXX fissure. There is mild thickening in the fissure
    A: There is XXXX airspace opacity in the mid right lung radiating from the right hilum to the pleura and bordered inferiorly by the fissures. The XXXX fissure is convex upward
    A: There is a vague right suprahilar density with elevation of the XXXX fissure most XXXX mild subsegmental atelectasis though superimposed infection cannot be entirely excluded
    A: Round opacity seen projecting adjacent to right hilum on PA view is XXXX on lateral view to represent some discoid atelectasis or fluid associated with the upper aspect of the XXXX fissure
    A: Again observed is a curvilinear density in the right midlung zone which may represent some pulmonary scarring or thickening of the right XXXX fissure. Minimal XXXX atelectasis in the right midlung zone versus pleural scarring in the right XXXX fissure


58) congestive heart failure CHF?:

    A: No effusions or CHF
    A: No effusions or CHF identified
    A: No acute airspace disease or CHF
    A: No acute airspace disease or CHF
    A: findings of mild volume overload
    A: No pulmonary edema / overt CHF identified
    A: Mild heart failure versus volume overload
    A: No acute airspace disease , effusions , or CHF
    A: No acute airspace disease , effusions , or CHF
    A: No acute airspace disease , effusions , or CHF
    A: No suspicious nodules , pneumonia , effusions , or CHF
    A: Findings consistent with mild congestive heart failure
    A: Mild cardiomegaly as before with no effusions or overt evidence of CHF
    A: Constellation findings is most compatible with congestive heart failure
    A: Manifestations of decompensated congestive heart failure with basilar atelectasis
    A: Congestive heart failure with basilar pulmonary interstitial edema and bilateral pleural fluid
    A: Congestive heart failure with bibasilar pulmonary interstitial edema and bilateral pleural fluid
    A: Prominent pulmonary vasculature , subpleural edema , peribronchial cuffing suggestive of volume overload versus viral bronchiolitis
    A: Increased interstitial lung markings are seen , possibly due to volume overload. Prominent interstitium , possibly due to mild volume overload


59) stomach?:

    A: The stomach contour normal
    A: Enteric tube tip in the stomach
    A: Fluid noted in small bowel and stomach
    A: To the stomach contours appear grossly clear
    A: There is mild XXXX-distention of this stomach
    A: Nasogastric tube tip XXXX within the stomach body
    A: There is interval removal of gastric suction tube
    A: Aortic XXXX , cardiac apex , stomach are left-sided
    A: There is a large amount of XXXX distending the stomach
    A: The aortic XXXX , cardiac apex , stomach are left-sided
    A: The aortic XXXX , cardiac apex , stomach are left-sided
    A: Multiple slightly distended loops are present from stomach to rectum
    A: Postsurgical changes of esophagectomy and gastric pull-through are stable
    A: Esophagogastric to the in XXXX , the distal tip coursing inferiorly into the stomach and not included on the study
    A: Catheter tubing overlies the left upper quadrant , appearance of the lateral projection suggest prior gastric banding procedure
    A: Enteric tube is again noted , coursing below the diaphragm the tip of which is seen projecting over the expected location of the body of the stomach
    A: The stomach is distended with an air-fluid level. Large hiatal hernia with dilated intrathoracic stomach. CT findings suggestive organoaxial gastric volvulus
    A: Large hiatal hernia is identified containing stomach and colon. Stable appearance of large hiatal hernia containing stomach and large bowel as well as possible small bowel loops


60) lymph nodes?:

    A: Calcified left hilar lymph node
    A: Calcified right hilar lymph node
    A: Left-sided perihilar calcified lymph node
    A: There is a calcified right hilar lymph node
    A: There is a calcified right hilar lymph node
    A: 3 cm calcified right paratracheal lymph node
    A: There is a AP XXXX duct is calcified lymph node
    A: There is a calcified lymph node in the right hilum
    A: This may represent a vascular structure or enlarged lymph node
    A: Calcified left paraesophageal versus intrapulmonary lymph node
    A: There is a calcified right hilar lymph node and right granuloma
    A: Stable right paratracheal prominence , consistent with known calcified lymph node
    A: Prominence of left hilum which could be due to nodule/lymph node or superimposing blood XXXX
    A: NUMBER cm nodular opacity within the right hilum , there is XXXX large lymph node or partially calcified granuloma
    A: Calcification is seen over the anterior mediastinum XXXX a calcified lymph node at is not identified on the PA projection


61) shadow?:

    A: Bilateral nipple shadows
    A: Bilateral nipple shadows seen
    A: Bilateral nipple shadows seen
    A: XXXX this represents vascular shadows
    A: Nipple shadows and dense breast tissue overlie the lung bases
    A: Bilateral nipple shadows seen overlying the anterior 6th ribs
    A: curvilinear XXXX densities over the breast shadows compatible with piercings
    A: Configuration of breast shadows on the PA view suggests prior right lumpectomy
    A: May represent vascular shadows exaggerated by supine and very lordotic imaging technique
    A: Increased density the lung bases , favored this attenuation from overlying breast shadows
    A: Nodular densities projecting over the posterior 9th ribs bilaterally are consistent with nipple shadows
    A: Vague density in the medial right lung apex most XXXX representing overlying shadows of bony structures
    A: Stable paratracheal soft tissue density dating back to exams in XXXX , XXXX confluence of vascular shadows
    A: NUMBER cm nodular density in the anterior costophrenic XXXX on the lateral view , which could represent overlapping shadows or actual pulmonary nodule


62) aspiration?:

    A: There is no evidence of aspiration
    A: Aspiration or edema are also possible
    A: no radiographic evidence of aspiration
    A: No evidence of pneumonia or aspiration 2
    A: Not highly characteristic appearance of contusion or aspiration
    A: Stable left lung consolidation , possibly infectious pneumonia and /or aspiration
    A: There is focal airspace disease in the right lung base concerning for pneumonia or aspiration
    A: Streaky and patchy bibasilar opacities may be compatible with atelectasis versus consolidation , aspiration
    A: Small patchy left lower lobe opacity , primary differential considerations include atelectasis , infiltrate , aspiration
    A: Abnormal pulmonary opacities most suggestive of pulmonary edema , differential diagnosis includes infection and aspiration
    A: Abnormal pulmonary opacities most suggestive of pulmonary edema , primary differential diagnosis includes infection and aspiration
    A: Abnormal pulmonary opacities which may be due to atelectasis , differential diagnosis includes infection , aspiration , atypical distribution pulmonary edema
    A: Cardiomegaly and increased interstitial opacities which may be compatible with mild pulmonary edema , differential diagnosis includes infection , inflammation , aspiration


63) trauma?:

    A: No acute traumatic finding
    A: No acute traumatic findings
    A: No acute posttraumatic finding
    A: Advanced posttraumatic osteoarthritis
    A: Posttraumatic changes compatible with prior gunshot wound
    A: Stable remote posttraumatic changes of multiple right ribs
    A: There are posttraumatic deformities of the right posterior ribs
    A: Chronic appearing left rib contour irregularities may be posttraumatic or postsurgical
    A: Irregularity of the right fifth and sixth ribs stable and XXXX postsurgical/post traumatic in XXXX
    A: Distal clavicle shortening also present on the previous exam , possibly posttraumatic or postsurgical
    A: There is mild widening of the right acromioclavicular joint which may be postsurgical or posttraumatic in XXXX
    A: Chronic appearing contour irregularity of the distal left clavicle and XXXX XXXX widening may be posttraumatic or postsurgical , verterbroplasty noted at the thoracolumbar junction


64) bowel?:

    A: Nonobstructive bowel XXXX pattern
    A: The bowel XXXX pattern is nonspecific
    A: Fluid noted in small bowel and stomach
    A: Multiple XXXX-filled loops of bowel are present
    A: There is a normal bowel XXXX pattern. Normal bowel XXXX pattern
    A: The bowel XXXX pattern is not well evaluated secondary to incomplete imaging of the abdomen
    A: this could represent air-fluid within a XXXX of bowel , a subpulmonic process is a consideration
    A: Abdomen : There are no dilated loops of bowel to suggest obstruction. Nonobstructive bowel XXXX pattern
    A: There is a normal bowel XXXX pattern. No abnormally dilated small bowel loops. No evidence for intussusception or small bowel obstruction
    A: There are multiple air filled nondilated loops of small and large bowel. Nonspecific bowel XXXX pattern without evidence of obstruction
    A: Questionable small bowel loops are also visualized inthe large hernia. Stable appearance of large hiatal hernia containing stomach and large bowel as well as possible small bowel loops
    A: Centered over the mid abdomen there are multiple air-filled dilated loops of small bowel measuring the XXXX of which measure up to about NUMBER cm in diameter. There are numerous air-filled dilated loops of small bowel over the mid abdomen. These findings are consistent with small bowel obstruction


65) pneumoperitoneum?:

    A: No pneumoperitoneum
    A: Negative for pneumoperitoneum
    A: Negative for pneumoperitoneum
    A: Negative for pneumoperitoneum
    A: Negative for pneumoperitoneum
    A: Negative for pneumothorax , pleural effusion , or pneumoperitoneum
    A: Supine examinations are limited for evaluation of pneumoperitoneum
    A: Pneumoperitoneum , attributed to the patient's recent abdominal surgery
    A: Small residual pneumoperitoneum consistent with known colonic perforation
    A: There is a left subphrenic crescentic lucency , this is concerning for pneumoperitoneum
    A: There is lucency beneath the diaphragm , consistent with pneumoperitoneum. Pneumoperitoneum , XXXX postoperative secondary to recent laparoscopic surgery


66) bullae and blebs?:

    A: Bullae are present in the upper lobes
    A: Bullae are present in the upper lobes
    A: This could suggest emphysematous bullae
    A: Two bullae are seen in the right upper lung
    A: There is right greater than left biapical bullous emphysema
    A: There is stable appearing left upper and right upper lobe bullous disease
    A: Bilateral apical bullae and parenchymal scars are unchanged. Bullous disease and upper lobe scars
    A: Again demonstrated are biapical bullous emphysematous changes. Stable bullous emphysematous changes
    A: Bullae are present both upper lobes , right worse than left. Chronic interstitial and bullous disease
    A: Marked bullous emphysematous changes and traction bronchiectasis , again most notable involving the bilateral upper lobes
    A: There are diffuse bilateral interstitial and alveolar opacities consistent with chronic obstructive lung disease and bullous emphysema. Bullous emphysema and interstitial fibrosis


67) sarcoidosis?:

    A: Normal chest No evidence of sarcoidosis
    A: This could be consistent with sarcoidosis
    A: no radiographic evidence of tuberculosis or sarcoidosis
    A: The changes are compatible with known diagnosis of sarcoidosis
    A: Mediastinal and hilar adenopathy compatible with patient's known sarcoidosis
    A: Sarcoidosis would be a consideration , less XXXX lymphoproliferative XXXX/lymphoma
    A: Chronic parenchymal changes XXXX reflecting sequela of patient's known sarcoidosis
    A: Somewhat indistinct pulmonary interstitium possibly reflecting underlying pulmonary sarcoidosis
    A: FINDINGS COULD REPRESENT RESOLVING HISTOPLASMOSIS INFECTION , SARCOIDOSIS , OR MALIGNANCY XXXX AS LYMPHOMA OR PRIMARY LUNG CANCER
    A: Prominence of the mediastinum consistent with history of sarcoid. Widening of the mediastinum , XXXX secondary to lymphadenopathy related to sarcoid , or possibly reactive adenopathy


68) loculation?:

    A: Unchanged loculated right pleural fusion
    A: This could represent loculated fluid , atelectasis or a lung mass
    A: Moderate sized right loculated pleural effusion with right lower lobe atelectasis
    A: There is a moderate right pleural effusion , which is partially loculated. Partially loculated right pleural effusion
    A: Peripheral opacity along the right mid lung XXXX reflects scar or a small amount of loculated pleural fluid or thickening
    A: There is a right pleural effusion which appears somewhat loculated. Loculated appearing right pleural effusion and right basilar airspace disease
    A: There are stable bilateral pleural effusions with partial right-sided loculation. Stable bilateral pleural effusions and pleural thickening , right worse than left , with mild right-sided loculation
    A: XXXX right pleural opacity along the lower chest wall compatible with thickening and /or some loculated effusion , accompanied with some adjacent atelectasis / airspace disease within the right lung base
    A: There are XXXX XXXX pulmonary opacities with blunting of the bilateral costophrenic XXXX , on the right greater than left , with pleural thickening versus loculated pleural fluid along the peripheral aspect of the right upper lobe. Mild bibasilar atelectasis and /or infiltrates with probable small bilateral pleural effusions , on the right greater than left , pleural thickening versus loculated pleural fluid along the peripheral aspect of the right upper lobe


69) carina?:

    A: Tracheostomy tube tip above the carina
    A: Tracheostomy tube tip 4 cm above the carina
    A: Tracheostomy tube tip NUMBER cm above the carina
    A: The tracheostomy tube tip is 5 cm above the carina
    A: Tracheostomy tip approximately 5 cm above the carina
    A: Endotracheal tube noted with tip approximately NUMBER cm above the carina
    A: Device compatible tracheostomy is in XXXX , with tip approximately 5-6 centimeters above carina
    A: Heart size borderline enlarged for technique , tracheostomy tube tip approximately NUMBER cm above the carina
    A: There is an endotracheal tube at the level of the carina , recommend retraction. Endotracheal tube at the level of the carina , recommend retraction


70) pneumomediastinum?:

    A: No pneumothorax or pneumomediastinum
    A: No pneumothorax or pneumomediastinum
    A: No pleural or mediastinal air collections
    A: There is no pneumothorax or pneumomediastinum
    A: Negative for pneumothorax , pneumomediastinum , or pleural effusion
    A: Pneumomediastinum is also less perceptible. The XXXX right pneumothorax and XXXX pneumomediastinum are less apparent
    A: The cardiac and mediastinal silhouette is normal There is no evidence of pneumomediastinum or pneumothorax. No evidence of pneumothorax or pneumomediastinum
    A: Portable frontal view of the chest with overlying external cardiac monitor leads shows normal cardiomediastinal silhouette , central airways , pulmonary vasculature and lung volumes without focal air space consolidation or pleural effusion


71) bowel obstruction and loops?:

    A: Multiple XXXX-filled loops of bowel are present
    A: Multiple colonic loops are demonstrated in the left upper quadrant
    A: Multiple slightly distended loops are present from stomach to rectum
    A: Abdomen : There are no dilated loops of bowel to suggest obstruction
    A: No abnormally dilated small bowel loops. No evidence for intussusception or small bowel obstruction
    A: There are multiple air filled nondilated loops of small and large bowel. Nonspecific bowel XXXX pattern without evidence of obstruction
    A: Questionable small bowel loops are also visualized inthe large hernia. Stable appearance of large hiatal hernia containing stomach and large bowel as well as possible small bowel loops
    A: Centered over the mid abdomen there are multiple air-filled dilated loops of small bowel measuring the XXXX of which measure up to about NUMBER cm in diameter. There are numerous air-filled dilated loops of small bowel over the mid abdomen. These findings are consistent with small bowel obstruction


72) air-fluid level?:

    A: No air-fluid levels or free intraperitoneal air
    A: The stomach is distended with an air-fluid level
    A: Air-fluid level is present behind the heart which probably represents a hiatal hernia
    A: Two air-fluid levels in the right hemithorax most XXXX representing hydropneumothorax
    A: There is an air-fluid level in the middle mediastinum , most XXXX secondary to a large hiatal hernia
    A: An air-fluid level is seen in the upper right abdomen immediately below the right hemidiaphragm. Air-fluid level below the right hemidiaphragm medially
    A: Air collection with air-fluid level is seen in the right medial apical region projecting into the level of thoracic inlet , XXXX within the pleural space
    A: There is a XXXX moderate layering right pleural effusion with air fluid level noted. XXXX airspace disease within the superior segment of the right lower lobe with moderate layering right pleural effusion with air fluid level


73) colon?:

    A: Contrast also probably within the left colon
    A: Interposition of the colon in the left upper quadrant
    A: There is a mild amount of XXXX seen in the transverse colon
    A: Large hiatal hernia is identified containing stomach and colon
    A: There is extensive stool XXXX seen throughout the descending colon
    A: Air and stool visible throughout the entire large colon including the rectum
    A: There are XXXX-filled loops of mildly dilated colon in the left upper quadrant


74) peribronchial cuffing?:

    A: Peribronchial cuffing also noted
    A: Bilateral lower lobe bronchial thickening consistent with bronchitis
    A: There is scattered areas of bronchial wall thickening , well-seen in the left upper lobe
    A: There is XXXX peribronchial cuffing noted on the lateral view with fullness in the perihilar regions , more conspicuous than on the prior study
    A: Increased peribronchial cuffing. Prominent pulmonary vasculature , subpleural edema , peribronchial cuffing suggestive of volume overload versus viral bronchiolitis


75) esophagus?:

    A: Stable appearance of the esophagogastric tube and left PICC
    A: Radiopaque contrast from recent esophagram projects over the left upper abdomen
    A: There is a moderate amount of retained contrast within the distal esophagus. Retained contrast in the distal esophagus
    A: Postsurgical changes of esophagectomy and gastric pull-through are stable. Stable postsurgical changes of esophagectomy with improved bibasilar airspace opacities/atelectasis
    A: Esophagogastric to the in XXXX , the distal tip coursing inferiorly into the stomach and not included on the study. Previously noted esophagogastric flexion catheter has been removed 5


76) bronchiectasis?:

    A: Perihilar opacities which may represent changes due to bronchiectasis
    A: is most compatible with bronchiectasis. Stable right middle lobe bronchiectasis , XXXX postinfectious/postinflammatory
    A: Marked bullous emphysematous changes and traction bronchiectasis , again most notable involving the bilateral upper lobes
    A: Opacity seen XXXX on lateral XXXX XXXX involving both right middle lobe and lingula compatible with some bronchiectasis and chronic inflammatory change
    A: Extensive bilateral bronchiectasis , cystic changes , scarring represents sequela from the patient's cystic fibrosis. Extensive pulmonary bronchiectasis and scarring from cystic fibrosis , not significantly XXXX from prior


77) radiation?:

    A: Opacity in the left apex consistent with radiation change seen on prior CT
    A: Minimal fibrosis in the right apex , may be due to XXXX radiation treatment
    A: Stable appearance of right apical thickening/atelectasis with volume loss , possibly related to prior radiation or surgery
    A: There are postsurgical and postradiation changes of the left lung with a spiculated , hyperdense scar in the left upper thorax. Postsurgical and postradiation changes on the left with no acute abnormality


78) skinfold?:

    A: There is a lucency along the peripheral right lung base , XXXX secondary to a skin fold
    A: There is a curvilinear density within and along the right costophrenic sulcus which most XXXX represents a skinfold
    A: Exaggerated kyphosis with increased AP dimension of the thorax , curvilinear density projected over the right anterior 3rd and 4th ribs beyond which lung markings are seen XXXX skin fold artifact


79) liver?:

    A: Slightly prominent basilar interstitial markings may be related to stigmata of chronic liver disease
    A: Elevated right hemidiaphragm , with a nodular soft tissue contour , containing liver. Elevation of the right XXXX diaphragm , containing liver
    A: There is a near spherical XXXX shaped calcification projecting over the right upper quadrant , apparently within the anterior-superior aspect of liver


80) gas distension?:

    A: There is mild XXXX-distention of this stomach
    A: The stomach is distended with an air-fluid level
    A: Multiple slightly distended loops are present from stomach to rectum


81) abscess and cavitation?:

    A: No cavitations
    A: No change right upper lobe cavitation
    A: This could indicate cavitation. Possible apical cavitation


82) thyroid?:

    A: Rounded nodular opacity in the peripheral left upper lung which may represent further sequela infectious process versus other pathology including metastatic disease in a patient with thyroid cancer
    A: There is prominence of the superior mediastinum which may be partially due to patient's known thyroid mass. Increasing prominence of the superior mediastinum may be secondary to enlarging thyroid mass


83) tendon?:

    A: Possible right shoulder calcific tendinitis
    A: There is mild superior subluxation of the humerus on the glenoid which suggests reflect chronic rotator XXXX pathology , dysmorphic ossification superolateral to the humeral head XXXX reflecting calcific tendinitis


84) ossification?:

    A: Following spine ossifications and marginal osteophytes again noted
    A: There is mild superior subluxation of the humerus on the glenoid which suggests reflect chronic rotator XXXX pathology , dysmorphic ossification superolateral to the humeral head XXXX reflecting calcific tendinitis


85) haze?:

    A: There is mild haziness in the right lung and left base , which could represent infiltrate
    A: There is haziness in the right lung apex. Haziness in the right lung apex and questionable right middle lobe pulmonary nodule


86) azygos lobe?:

    A: Azygos lobe is noted
    A: Redemonstration of azygos lobe. Redemonstrated azygos lobe


87) pneumatocele?:

    A: In the collapsed left upper lobe are stranding and pneumatoceles


88) kerley lines?:

    A: A few septal lines of the left lateral sulcus


89) cholelithiasis?:

    A: Cholelithiasis


90) bleeding?:

    A: XXXX density is seen within the right lower lobe XXXX representing hemorrhage


91) azygos vein?:

    A: Catheter tip may be within the proximal SVC or azygos vein. Distal catheter tip may be within the azygos vein


92) sagittal chest?:



93) fluid overload?:



94) bronchogram?:



95) blurring?:



96) ascites?:



97) ARDS?:



Total oraciones invlidas: 1962
Total oraciones sin match: 1822


Ejemplos de oraciones vlidas que no hicieron match con ninguna pregunta

    normal
    Increased
    see above
    Normal XXXX
    lateral views
    appear normal
    No comparisons
    no acute disease
    Normal chest exam
    Senescent changes
    This is increased
    Large body habitus
    Three total images
    Leads appear intact
    Alignment is normal
    Left and right XXXX
    No acute abnormality
    If none are available
    Normal pulmonary XXXX
    Possible tuberculosis
    Normal X-XXXX of chest
    Aortic atherosclerosis
    adequately placed XXXX
    There is hyperexpansion
    No acute chest findings
    No acute interval change
    The epiglottis is normal
    No evidence of active TB
    No XXXX focal abnormality
    One AP view is expiratory
    Stable normal chest x-XXXX
    No acute pulmonary disease
    Limited lateral projection
    Patient is somewhat rotated
    XXXX B-lines are also noted
    No acute osseus abnormality
    The XXXX XXXX remain intact
    if there is no known history
    XXXX XXXX are grossly intact
    No acute findings , see above
    The pulmonary XXXX are normal
    Postsurgical changes as above
    it has decreased considerably
    No significant interval change
    No XXXX of active tuberculosis
    Not visualized on lateral exam
    XXXX deviation towards the left
    Cardiac XXXX in stable position
    There is an IVC XXXX identified
    Exam limited by patient rotation
    No acute cortical artery disease
    Negative examination of the chest
    No acute cardio pulmonary disease
    No evidence of disease recurrence
    Left nipple silhouette visualized
    No gross interval change from XXXX
    Negative preoperative chest x-XXXX
    Follow up to resolution recommended
    Now located in left innominate vein
    No acute changes from prior imaging
    Chest fluoroscopy would confirm this
    No evidence of pulmonary tuberculosis
    Chronic changes without acute disease
    No acute pulmonary disease identified
    Low volume study without acute process
    Frontal view is lordotic in projection
    no definite acute intrathoracic finding
    Visualized XXXX of the chest are normal
    Stable postsurgical changes left axilla
    Recommend followup radiology until clear
    No radiographic evidence of tuberculosis
    Normal chest No evidence of tuberculosis
    Study is somewhat limited by body habitus
    Incidental note of an azygos pseudofissure
    Stable appearance of the right aortic XXXX
    Left lateral decubitus film may be helpful
    Stable position of the epicardial XXXX XXXX
    XXXX single view of the abdomen was obtained
    there has been no significant interval change
    The visualized thoracic XXXX are unremarkable
    Chest fluoroscopy or XXXX would confirm this 2
    Interval followup to resolution is recommended
    no radiographic evidence of active tuberculosis
    This is consistent with atherosclerotic disease
    Visualized upper abdomen is grossly unremarkable
    These may be explained by overlapping structures
    This appearance is overall not significantly XXXX
    This study is limited by the patient body habitus
    No comparisons are available to evaluate stability
    Recommend correlation with side of XXXX tenderness
    Recommend followup radiographs to ensure resolution
    Consider a fluoroscopic evaluation for confirmation
    Postsurgical changes noted overlying the left axilla
    This is a normal variant seen in one of 200 patients
    This appears slightly increased from the prior studies
    lateral views of the chest were obtained on 02/010/XXXX
    No acute or active cardiac or pulmonary disease process
    Epigastric and right upper quadrant postsurgical changes
    May contain calcium , this cannot be stated with certainty
    4 to 6 weeks could be considered to evaluate for resolution
    There is a partially visualized IVC XXXX on the lateral view
    Slightly XXXX inspiratory effort is noted on the frontal film
    The appearance is grossly stable to decreased from prior study
    If there is no improvement consider XXXX for further evaluation
    The XXXX appears to be a normal orientation on the lateral film
    Rounded NUMBER cm projecting retrosternally on lateral view only
    Patient being recalled from the XXXX room for the nipple XXXX film
    Compared with prior examination mildly improved inspirational XXXX
    lateral chest radiograph may be of benefit XXXX clinically feasible
    This may be artifactual secondary to overlapping vascular structures
    Chondral cartilages causing XXXX over the anterior lungs on lateral view
    It is unchanged XXXX compared to a XXXX for the abdomen CT scan from XXXX
    Stable appearance of the left-sided XXXX without acute complicating features
    Limited exam due to underpenetrated technique related to large patient habitus
    Uncertain if this represent something within the lung or external to the patient
    If there are no prior films available for comparison XXXX scan for further evaluation
    This may be due to XXXX having resolved or simply not being visible on the chest x-XXXX
    Evaluation of coronal and sagittal reformatted images from the outside study would also be helpful
    Followup radiographs after appropriate therapy in 8-12 weeks are indicated to exclude an underlying abnormality
    A low KV P chest radiograph can be obtained for confirmation as a there are no comparison studies available in the XXXX
