Preguntas ordenadas por frecuencia (decreciente)

3484, what about the lungs?
3342, what about the heart?
3053, what about pleural space?
2688, what about pneumothorax?
2346, what about the mediastinum?
1939, what about bones?
1224, what about consolidation?
1180, what about the cardiac silhouette?
790, what about pulmonary vascularity?
714, what about opacities?
546, what about air space disease?
540, what about calcification?
531, what about support devices and foreign bodies?
435, what about granumola?
414, what about infiltrate?
389, what about thoracic aorta?
360, what about atelectasis?
348, what about edema?
330, what about tubes and lines?
328, what about nodules?
303, what about cardiomegaly?
257, what about pneumonia?
239, what about the diaphragm?
223, what about tortuosity?
220, what about surgery?
207, what about scarring?
207, what about pulmonary hila?
192, what about fractures?
190, what about the ribs?
182, what about masses?
158, what about interstitial lung disease?
144, what about prominence?
139, what about soft tissue?
135, what about densities?
122, what about emphysema?
109, what about the trachea?
108, what about the apical zone?
98, what about adenopathy?
97, what about the bronchus?
88, what about markings?
82, what about bronchovascular crowding?
75, what about fluid?
64, what about free air?
57, what about lesions?
53, what about hernias?
48, what about lung parenchyma?
46, what about vena cava?
43, what about COPD?
41, what about lucencies?
36, what about cancer or tumor?
28, what about airways?
24, what about sulci?
19, what about fissures?
19, what about congestive heart failure CHF?
18, what about the stomach?
15, what about lymph nodes?
13, what about aspiration?
13, what about air collections?
12, what about shadow?
11, what about pneumoperitoneum?
11, what about bullae and blebs?
10, what about trauma?
10, what about sarcoidosis?
9, what about the carina?
9, what about the bowel?
8, what about pneumomediastinum?
8, what about contrast?
8, what about bowel obstruction and loops?
8, what about air-fluid level?
7, what about the colon?
5, what about the esophagus?
5, what about peribronchial cuffing?
5, what about bronchiectasis?
3, what about the liver?
3, what about gas distension?
3, what about abscess and cavitation?
2, what about the thyroid?
2, what about tendon?
2, what about ossification?
2, what about haze?
2, what about azygos lobe?
1, what about pneumatocele?
1, what about kerley lines?
1, what about cholelithiasis?
1, what about azygos vein?
0, what about sagittal chest?
0, what about fluid overload?
0, what about bronchogram?
0, what about blurring?
0, what about bleeding?
0, what about ascites?

Ejemplos de respuestas por pregunta:

1) what about the lungs?:

    A: Lungs are clear
    A: Lungs are otherwise clear
    A: Both lungs are clear and expanded
    A: No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities
    A: No radiographic evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease
    A: The lungs are clear bilaterally. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
    A: Lung volumes remain low. Low lung volumes. No acute cardiopulmonary findings
    A: The lungs are clear of focal airspace disease , pneumothorax , or pleural effusion. No acute cardiopulmonary findings
    A: There is patchy opacity in the left base concerning for atelectasis versus pneumonitis. Left basilar airspace opacity atelectasis versus pneumonitis
    A: Mildly hyperexpanded lungs. The right lung base is excluded from view. No acute cardiopulmonary findings. Nonspecific bowel XXXX pattern without evidence of obstruction


2) what about the heart?:

    A: Mild cardiomegaly
    A: The heart is normal in size
    A: No acute cardiopulmonary process
    A: The heart and mediastinum are normal
    A: No acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process
    A: the heart size is normal in the lungs are clear
    A: The heart size is normal. No acute cardiopulmonary findings
    A: Stable emphysematous changes without acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
    A: The heart is normal in size and contour. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities
    A: Cardiac size , mediastinal contour , pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. Obscured right heart XXXX with streaky right medial basilar airspace opacities , possibly due to airspace disease versus atelectasis. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities


3) what about pleural space?:

    A: No pleural effusion
    A: There is no large pleural effusion
    A: No effusions , edema , or pneumonia
    A: No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen
    A: There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax
    A: No focal consolidation , pneumothorax , or pleural effusion
    A: No focal alveolar consolidation , no definite pleural effusion seen
    A: No pleural effusion. No acute or active cardiac , pulmonary or pleural disease
    A: No focal consolidation , suspicious pulmonary opacity , pleural effusion , or pneumothorax
    A: no evidence of focal consolidation , pneumothorax , or pleural effusion , Cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable


4) what about pneumothorax?:

    A: No pneumothorax
    A: There is no pneumothorax
    A: No pneumothorax or pleural effusion
    A: No pneumothorax or pneumomediastinum
    A: No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces
    A: Negative for pneumothorax or pleural effusion
    A: There is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion
    A: There is no focal airspace opacity , pleural effusion , or pneumothorax
    A: Lungs are clear without focal consolidation , pneumothorax , or pleural effusion
    A: Hyperexpanded lungs without focal consolidation , pneumothorax or large pleural effusion


5) what about the mediastinum?:

    A: Heart and mediastinum normal
    A: The mediastinum is unremarkable
    A: Cardiomediastinal contours are normal
    A: Mediastinal contour within normal limits
    A: Normal heart size and normal mediastinal contours
    A: The Heart and mediastinum are normal size and shape
    A: Cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits
    A: Cardiac silhouette and mediastinal contours are within normal limits
    A: The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits
    A: The mediastinum is stable. Surgical clips again seen overlying the superior mediastinum , There is an retrocardiac density compatible hiatal hernia


6) what about bones?:

    A: No acute osseous findings
    A: No acute bone abnormality
    A: No acute osseous abnormality
    A: The skeletal structures are normal
    A: Multilevel degenerative disease of the spine
    A: There are mild thoracic spine degenerative changes
    A: The skeletal structures show scoliosis and arthritic changes
    A: Mild degenerative changes and osteopenia of the thoracic spine
    A: Heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits , visualized osseous structures appear intact
    A: There are multiple surgical XXXX seen near the apical regions and lower cervical region bilaterally. There is a screw in the right shoulder. There are numerous small surgical clips seen overlying the upper thorax bilaterally and the lower cervical region of uncertain significance


7) what about consolidation?:

    A: No focal consolidations
    A: No focal airspace consolidation
    A: There are no focal areas of consolidation
    A: No focal consolidation or pleural effusion seen
    A: No focal consolidation , pleural effusion or pneumothorax
    A: No focal pulmonary consolidation , pleural effusion or pneumothorax
    A: consolidation and atelectasis have developed in the right lower lobe
    A: There is no pneumothorax , pleural effusion , or focal air space consolidation
    A: No focal consolidation , suspicious pulmonary opacity , pneumothorax or definite pleural effusion
    A: no evidence of focal consolidation , pneumothorax , or pleural effusion , Cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable


8) what about the cardiac silhouette?:

    A: Stable cardiomediastinal silhouette
    A: mild enlargement of the cardiac silhouette
    A: Cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal
    A: The cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits
    A: The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits
    A: The heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are normal
    A: The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and configuration
    A: The heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are within normal limits
    A: No The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits
    A: The cardiac silhouette is mildly enlarged and appears mildly increased in size from the XXXX study


9) what about pulmonary vascularity?:

    A: Normal pulmonary vascularity
    A: Pulmonary vascularity is normal
    A: Normal heart size and pulmonary vascularity
    A: Normal mediastinal contour and pulmonary vasculature
    A: findings XXXX reflect enlargement of the left pulmonary artery
    A: Heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits
    A: The heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits
    A: Heart size , mediastinal contour , pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits
    A: The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits
    A: Streaky perihilar opacification , XXXX a component of vascular congestion in central pulmonary edema persist


10) what about opacities?:

    A: No focal air space opacities
    A: Patchy right lower lobe airspace opacities
    A: There is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia
    A: No abnormal airspace opacities or large cavitary lung lesions
    A: There is no focal airspace opacity , pleural effusion , or pneumothorax
    A: Some scattered bandlike opacities are present which appear to represent scars
    A: The lungs are clear without focal air space opacity , pleural effusion , or pneumothorax
    A: No focal consolidation , suspicious pulmonary opacity , large pleural effusion , or pneumothorax is identified
    A: Mild diffuse interstitial opacities bilaterally , predominantly in the bases , with no focal consolidation , pleural effusion , or pneumothoraces
    A: There is ill-defined airspace opacity in the posterior left lower lobe. There is focal opacity in the right upper lobe which suggests scar and /or granulomatous calcification. Right upper lobe opacity , favoring scarring and /or granulomas


11) what about air space disease?:

    A: No airspace disease
    A: No acute airspace disease or effusions
    A: The lungs are free of focal airspace disease
    A: The lungs are free of focal airspace disease
    A: Mild bibasilar airspace disease , probably atelectasis
    A: No pneumothorax , pleural effusion , or focal airspace disease
    A: Lungs clear , no airspace disease , pleural effusion , or pneumothorax
    A: The lungs are clear of focal airspace disease , pneumothorax , or pleural effusion
    A: The lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease , pleural effusion , or pneumothorax
    A: Interval increase in size of the moderate to large bilateral pleural effusions with bibasilar atelectasis/airspace disease


12) what about calcification?:

    A: Densely calcified aorta
    A: Calcified right upper lobe granuloma
    A: Stable small calcified granuloma left base
    A: Stable right lower lobe calcified granuloma
    A: There are small calcified left hilar lymph XXXX
    A: Atherosclerotic calcifications of the thoracic XXXX seen
    A: There is a prominent calcified head to the right anterior first rib
    A: Multiple scattered round calcific densities XXXX represent old granulomatous disease
    A: Unchanged appearance of left perihilar calcified lymph XXXX and left basilar calcified granuloma
    A: Multiple coarse calcifications in the epigastrium are seen on the lateral radiograph , not well localized on the frontal image. Could represent pancreatic parenchymal calcifications of chronic pancreatitis or old granulomatous sequela


13) what about support devices and foreign bodies?:

    A: Left PICC line
    A: Right nipple ring noted
    A: Clips in the gallbladder region
    A: Tracheostomy tube remains in the trachea
    A: Multiple surgical clips overlie the midabdomen
    A: Surgical clips are seen within the right upper abdomen
    A: Clips in the right upper quadrant consistent with cholecystectomy
    A: There are right upper quadrant surgical clips , perhaps from cholecystectomy
    A: There is a curvilinear density within and along the right costophrenic sulcus which most XXXX represents a skinfold
    A: Heart size within normal limits , stable mediastinal contours , mediastinal surgical clips , mediastinal and right hilar calcifications suggest a previous granulomatous process


14) what about granumola?:

    A: Scattered granuloma
    A: Stable calcified granulomas
    A: Sequelae of old granulomatous disease
    A: Stable calcified granuloma left upper lobe
    A: There are a few scattered calcified granulomas
    A: There is a calcified granuloma at the left lung base
    A: There is a small calcified granuloma in the right midlung
    A: Scattered right hilar granulomas and calcified 8mm right apical granuloma
    A: Scattered calcifications are noted , compatible with prior granulomatous disease
    A: Calcified granuloma is present in the right lung base. Evidence of previous granulomatous infection


15) what about infiltrate?:

    A: No focal infiltrate
    A: No acute infiltrate is seen
    A: No infiltrates or masses in the lungs
    A: No evidence of focal infiltrate or effusion
    A: The lungs are free of any focal infiltrates
    A: No focal infiltrate , pneumothorax or pleural effusion
    A: Stable left lower lung interstitial infiltrates or fibrosis
    A: the lungs are clear without evidence of acute infiltrate or effusion
    A: The lungs are clear without evidence of effusion , infiltrate or pneumothorax
    A: No focal infiltrate or effusion. Mild streakiness , subsegmental atelectasis versus early infiltrate right lower lobe


16) what about thoracic aorta?:

    A: Tortuous aorta
    A: Aortic calcifications
    A: The thoracic aorta is tortuous
    A: The aorta is calcified and tortuous
    A: There is tortuosity of the thoracic aorta
    A: Tortuous and ectatic , atherosclerotic aorta
    A: There is aortic atherosclerotic vascular calcification
    A: The aorta is tortuous. Aortic tortuosity and mild ectasia
    A: Heart size , aortic and mediastinal contours are within normal limits
    A: This may represent the ascending aorta or mediastinal lymphadenopathy. XXXX prominence of the mediastinal contour near the right hilum possibly representing the ascending aorta or mediastinal lymphadenopathy


17) what about atelectasis?:

    A: XXXX subsegmental atelectasis or scarring
    A: The appearance XXXX scarring or atelectasis
    A: Small left pleural effusion with left basilar atelectasis
    A: decreased left lower lobe atelectasis infiltrate and effusion
    A: Mild blunting left costophrenic recess , possibly mild atelectasis or scarring
    A: Scattered right basilar subsegmental atelectasis. Minimal right basilar subsegmental atelectasis
    A: XXXX airspace opacity in the left upper lung which may represent streaky atelectasis or resolving pneumonia
    A: Stable cardiomegaly with significantly low lung volumes and associated bronchovascular crowding and bibasilar atelectasis
    A: There is right middle lobe airspace disease , may reflect atelectasis or pneumonia. Right middle lobe airspace disease may reflect atelectasis or pneumonia
    A: The infrahilar pulmonary markings appear slightly prominent bilaterally but difficult to completely exclude some reactive airway/bronchitic changes in the absence of comparison radiographs , No airspace consolidation or lobar atelectasis


18) what about edema?:

    A: No pulmonary edema
    A: Minimal interstitial edema
    A: No edema or airspace consolidation
    A: No typical findings of pulmonary edema
    A: There is no evidence of pulmonary edema
    A: No focal infiltrate , pleural effusion or pulmonary edema
    A: This could be due to edema superimposed on emphysema or pneumonitis or fibrosis
    A: No pneumonia , effusions , edema , pneumothorax , adenopathy , nodules or masses
    A: Scattered chronic appearing irregular interstitial markings , no typical findings of pulmonary edema
    A: Cardiomegaly and increased interstitial opacities which may be compatible with mild pulmonary edema , differential diagnosis includes infection , inflammation , aspiration


19) what about tubes and lines?:

    A: Catheter tip mid SVC
    A: The trachea is midline
    A: No evidence of tuberculosis
    A: No evidence of active tuberculosis
    A: no radiographic evidence of tuberculosis
    A: Right chest XXXX tip is visualized at the proximal right atrium
    A: There is a right PICC with tip overlying the right brachiocephalic vein
    A: Right catheter tip upper SVC. There's been no change in position of the catheter
    A: Dual-XXXX left subclavian pacemaker is identified in satisfactory position. Interval left subclavian pacemaker placed in satisfactory position
    A: There has been interval removal of right-sided central venous catheter. Enteric tube is again noted , coursing below the diaphragm the tip of which is seen projecting over the expected location of the body of the stomach


20) what about nodules?:

    A: There are no nodules or masses
    A: There are no nodules or masses
    A: No non-calcified nodules are identified
    A: No suspicious appearing lung nodules are identified
    A: No suspicious appearing lung nodules or acute airspace disease
    A: Small nodule in the right upper lung is stable. Small right upper lobe nodule
    A: No pneumonia , effusions , edema , pneumothorax , adenopathy , nodules or masses
    A: Mediastinal calcifications and dense nodule in the lingula suggest a previous granulomatous process
    A: There are 2 right upper lobe lung nodules , the largest measuring approximately 12 mm. Right upper lobe lung nodules
    A: There is interval decrease/improvement of pulmonary vascular congestion and interstitial edema with residual nodular opacity at the right lower lobe


21) what about cardiomegaly?:

    A: Cardiomegaly
    A: Mild cardiomegaly
    A: Minimal cardiomegaly
    A: Stable mild cardiomegaly
    A: Mild cardiomegaly , atherosclerotic disease
    A: Cardiomegaly and small bilateral pleural effusions 2
    A: Cardiomegaly is present. Cardiomegaly without overt heart failure
    A: Stable cardiomegaly. Cardiomegaly and pulmonary vascular congestion
    A: There is stable cardiomegaly. Stable cardiomegaly but increasing right pleural effusion
    A: Cardiomegaly with central vascular congestion and increased interstitial opacities suggesting mild interstitial pulmonary edema


22) what about pneumonia?:

    A: No pneumonia
    A: Left upper lobe pneumonia
    A: No active pulmonary edema or lobar pneumonia
    A: No focal airspace consolidation to suggest pneumonia
    A: There is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia
    A: There is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia
    A: No focal consolidation to suggest pneumonia or active tuberculous infection
    A: No pneumonia , effusions , edema , pneumothorax , adenopathy , nodules or masses
    A: Stable left lung consolidation , possibly infectious pneumonia and /or aspiration
    A: Interval development of mild patchy airspace opacities within the posterior aspect of the right upper lobe , concerning for underlying pneumonia. Suspected mild patchy right upper lobe pneumonia


23) what about the diaphragm?:

    A: Elevated right diaphragm
    A: Right hemidiaphragm eventration
    A: No visible free air under the diaphragm
    A: Lungs are hyperinflated with flattened diaphragms
    A: Emphysematous changes with flattening of the hemidiaphragms
    A: There is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm
    A: The lungs are hyperexpanded with flattening of the bilateral hemidiaphragms
    A: Unchanged elevated right hemidiaphragm with minimal right base subsegmental atelectasis
    A: Lungs are hyperinflated with flattening of the diaphragms and increased AP chest diameter , compatible with emphysema
    A: In the left lower lobe on the lateral view , there appears to be some patchy airspace disease which is probably mostly atelectasis from an elevated left diaphragm. Underinflated lungs with elevation of the left diaphragm and patchy airspace disease in the left base , probably mostly atelectasis


24) what about tortuosity?:

    A: Tortuous aorta
    A: Slight tortuous aorta
    A: Tortuous ectatic aorta
    A: The thoracic aorta is tortuous
    A: Mild tortuosity of the thoracic aorta
    A: Tortuous , unfolded to descending aorta
    A: The thoracic aorta is tortuous and calcified
    A: Cardiomegaly and tortuous calcified thoracic aorta are unchanged
    A: Aorta is calcified and tortuous , compatible with atherosclerotic disease
    A: There is increased tortuosity of the descending thoracic aorta. With increasing tortuosity of the thoracic aorta and concern for dissection


25) what about surgery?:

    A: Tracheostomy tube
    A: Stable post-procedural chest
    A: Left shoulder arthroplasty is noted
    A: Stable appearance of previous XXXX sternotomy
    A: There are finding status post sternotomy and CABG
    A: Cholecystectomy clips overlie the right upper quadrant
    A: There has been previous surgical resection of the left 6th rib
    A: Pneumoperitoneum , attributed to the patient's recent abdominal surgery
    A: The tracheostomy tube is in stable position. Surgical XXXX overlie the soft tissues of the neck
    A: Severe scoliosis , tracheostomy tube , left PICC tip in the right hemithorax in the expected location of the right subclavian vein , repositioning recommended. VP shunt tubing and right nephrostomy tube


26) what about scarring?:

    A: There is left basilar scarring
    A: There is right lower lobe scarring
    A: Stable appearance of scarring at lung bases
    A: Biapical fibronodular pleural thickening/scarring
    A: There are mild XXXX opacities bilaterally , favoring scar or atelectasis
    A: Some XXXX opacities left mid lung compatible with focal subsegmental atelectasis/scarring
    A: Low lung volumes and left basilar bandlike opacities suggestive of scarring or atelectasis
    A: Streaky left basilar opacities are favored to represent scarring. Chronic changes of emphysema and left basilar scarring
    A: There is minimal left basilar XXXX opacity compatible with scarring or atelectasis. 1 cm of apical opacity , scarring versus nodule
    A: Biapical pleuroparenchymal irregularities most compatible with scarring , chronic appearing right 5th rib contour deformity. XXXX densities in left base may be compatible with scarring or subsegmental atelectasis 2


27) what about pulmonary hila?:

    A: Calcified right hilar granulomas
    A: Normal mediastinal and hilar contours
    A: The hilar and mediastinal contours are normal
    A: Left perihilar scarring is noted in the upper lobe
    A: Mild fullness of the left hilum. Increased left hilar fullness
    A: Heart size within normal limits , stable mediastinal and hilar contours
    A: Heart size within normal limits , stable mediastinal and hilar contours
    A: Calcified mediastinal and hilar lymph XXXX are consistent with prior granulomatous disease
    A: Some prominent perihilar opacities are present. Perihilar opacities which may represent changes due to bronchiectasis
    A: Diffuse coarse interstitial opacity seen throughout the lungs with perihilar and lower lobe predominance. Enlarged cardiac silhouette with coarse perihilar and lower lobe interstitial opacities may be due to diffuse infection or heart failure


28) what about fractures?:

    A: Old left rib fractures
    A: No acute displaced fractures
    A: Fracture of right proximal humerus
    A: Negative for acute displaced rib fracture
    A: No displaced , acute fractures are identified
    A: Left-sided rib deformities consistent with old fractures
    A: There is a fracture of superior sternotomy XXXX unchanged
    A: Left-sided rib fractures are better appreciated on the XXXX chest comparison
    A: There is a fracture of the left anterior 7th rib. Suspected fractures of the left anterior 6th and 7th ribs
    A: The 9th posterior lateral right rib is slightly expanded and this may be the site of an old healed fracture. Otherwise no acute rib fractures seen


29) what about the ribs?:

    A: No displaced rib fractures
    A: The ribs , appear unremarkable
    A: No displaced rib fractures are seen
    A: No acute displaced clavicle or rib fractures
    A: Irregularity of the right fifth and sixth ribs stable
    A: Bilateral nipple shadows seen overlying the anterior 6th ribs
    A: If continued clinical concern for rib fracture dedicated rib films will be helpful
    A: Chronic appearing contour deformity of the right posterolateral 7th rib again noted suggestive of old injury
    A: 6 cm nodular opacity in the right upper lobe between the anterior second and third ribs , which could represent focal infiltrate or lung nodule
    A: There is a 1 cm nodular density projecting in the right midlung between the third and fourth right anterior ribs which does not appear to be present on the prior XXXX


30) what about masses?:

    A: No other nodules or masses
    A: There are no nodules or masses
    A: There are no nodules or masses
    A: No mass or focal opacities seen
    A: No focal infiltrates or masses in the lungs
    A: No suspicious pulmonary mass or nodule is identified
    A: No pneumonia , effusions , edema , pneumothorax , adenopathy , nodules or masses
    A: No pneumonia , effusions , edema , pneumothorax , adenopathy , nodules or masses
    A: No pneumonia , effusions , edema , pneumothorax , adenopathy , nodules or masses
    A: Left midlung opacity may be secondary to acute infectious process or developing mass lesion


31) what about interstitial lung disease?:

    A: No change chronic interstitial lung disease
    A: Interstitial markings bilaterally , pulmonary fibrosis
    A: Patient has stable interstitial fibrotic changes throughout both lungs
    A: Interstitial markings are diffusely prominent throughout both lungs. Diffuse fibrosis
    A: There are streaky opacities in both lung bases which may represent atelectasis or scarring
    A: There is minimal streaky opacity in the posterior lungs , possibly cyst , scarring , or pneumonia
    A: There is improved aeration in the lung bases with mild residual XXXX opacities compatible with scarring or atelectasis
    A: Nonspecific interstitial prominence and basilar patchy airspace disease. Maybe due to pulmonary fibrosis , scarring and /or atelectasis
    A: Lungs are mildly hypoinflated with minimal streaky atelectasis or scar in the lung bases. Mildly low lung volumes with XXXX atelectasis or scarring in the lung bases
    A: Abnormal interstitial pattern , nonspecific in appearance with XXXX differential diagnosis including chronic interstitial lung disease , infectious , inflammatory process , atypical pulmonary edema


32) what about prominence?:

    A: Prominent ascending aorta
    A: Mild prominence left hilar contour
    A: Prominent right paratracheal soft tissue density
    A: Normal heart size is prominent left ventricular contour
    A: Prominent interstitial markings are XXXX due to low lung volumes
    A: The ascending aorta is prominent and descending thoracic aorta is is tortuous
    A: The thoracic aorta is prominent with calcification within the aorta. Prominent transverse aorta
    A: Slight basilar prominence of lung markings most XXXX representing some mild chronic inflammatory change
    A: There is perihilar prominence and interstitial opacification. Stable cardiomegaly with prominent perihilar opacities which may represent scarring or edema
    A: There is prominence of the left hilum which may represent adenopathy or engorged vasculature. Prominence of the left hilum may be secondary to adenopathy or enlarged pulmonary vasculature


33) what about soft tissue?:

    A: soft tissue are unremarkable
    A: soft tissues are unremarkable
    A: No bony or soft tissue abnormalities
    A: The soft tissues are within normal limits
    A: Bony thorax and soft tissues unremarkable
    A: Bony thorax and soft tissues grossly unremarkable
    A: Bony thorax and soft tissues grossly unremarkable
    A: The skeletal structures and soft tissues are normal for age
    A: Exam limited on lateral view by superimposed soft tissue and bony structures of the arm 3
    A: Left basilar airspace opacity XXXX secondary to epicardial fat and overlying soft tissues


34) what about densities?:

    A: No radiodense foreign bodies noted
    A: They're multiple radiopaque densities overlying the patient
    A: Dense left lower lung nodule suggests a previous granulomatous process
    A: curvilinear XXXX densities over the breast shadows compatible with piercings
    A: Dense atherosclerotic calcification seen involving the thoracic and upper abdominal aorta
    A: There is rounded calcified density within the left lower lobe most consistent with granuloma
    A: Irregular calcific density projecting over the left lower lobe and may represent mitral annular calcifications
    A: Irregular density in the left upper lung on PA XXXX , XXXX artifact related to superimposed vascular bony structures
    A: Stable mild heart enlargement , Prominence of soft tissue density in the upper mediastinum. Prominent soft tissue density in the upper mediastinum
    A: Exaggerated kyphosis with increased AP dimension of the thorax , curvilinear density projected over the right anterior 3rd and 4th ribs beyond which lung markings are seen XXXX skin fold artifact


35) what about emphysema?:

    A: Emphysema
    A: Mild emphysema
    A: Findings suggestive of emphysema
    A: Chronic changes consistent with emphysema
    A: Hyperinflation with chronic changes of emphysema
    A: Emphysematous changes are identified. Emphysema without acute disease
    A: The lungs are hyperinflated compatible with emphysema. Emphysema without acute disease
    A: The lungs appear hyperexpanded consistent with emphysema. Hyperexpanded lungs consistent with emphysema
    A: Moderate severe hyperexpansion of the lungs and decreased peripheral vascular markings , consistent with emphysema. Stable emphysematous changes
    A: Emphysematous changes with flattening of the hemidiaphragms. XXXX secondary to scarring/emphysematous changes. Emphysematous changes without evidence of focal airspace disease or pulmonary edema


36) what about the trachea?:

    A: Trachea is midline
    A: Trachea is midline
    A: The trachea is midline
    A: The trachea is midline
    A: The trachea is midline
    A: The trachea is midline
    A: The trachea is midline
    A: Tracheostomy tube remains in the trachea
    A: Right paratracheal calcifications due to old histoplasmosis
    A: There is right paratracheal thickening and bilateral hilar enlargement corresponding to lymphadenopathy


37) what about the apical zone?:

    A: Hyperlucent apices
    A: Mild left apical pleural thickening
    A: cardiac apex , stomach are left-sided
    A: There is persistent stable appearing right apical scarring
    A: Bilateral apical bullae and parenchymal scars are unchanged
    A: Very mild right apex curvature and upper thoracic spine is nonspecific
    A: Left apical chronic inflammatory and fibrotic changes with apical hilar retraction
    A: There is surgical clips projected over the left lung apex , over the right upper quadrant of the abdomen
    A: There is haziness in the right lung apex. Haziness in the right lung apex and questionable right middle lobe pulmonary nodule
    A: The left apical pneumothorax has resolved. Stable postsurgical changes of left hemithorax with resolution of small apical pneumothorax and basilar air space opacities


38) what about adenopathy?:

    A: No adenopathy
    A: No nodules or adenopathy is identified
    A: Right paratracheal mass , possibly lymphadenopathy
    A: No obvious mediastinal lymphadenopathy is appreciated
    A: No pneumonia , effusions , edema , pneumothorax , adenopathy , nodules or masses
    A: No pneumonia , effusions , edema , pneumothorax , adenopathy , nodules or masses
    A: No pneumonia , effusions , edema , pneumothorax , adenopathy , nodules or masses
    A: No pneumonia , effusions , edema , pneumothorax , adenopathy , nodules or masses
    A: No pneumonia , effusions , edema , pneumothorax , adenopathy , nodules or masses
    A: Prominent right perihilar density consistent with lymphadenopathy , previously partially demonstrated XXXX abdomen. Right hilar prominence , corresponding to lymphadenopathy partially demonstrated XXXX abdomen


39) what about the bronchus?:

    A: Low lung volumes and bronchovascular crowding
    A: There are low lung volumes with bronchovascular crowding
    A: Low lung volumes with redemonstrated bronchovascular crowding
    A: Similar bronchiectatic changes with diffuse patchy airspace opacities
    A: Mild bronchovascular crowding without typical findings of pulmonary edema
    A: There are low lung volumes , causing bibasilar atelectasis and bronchovascular crowding
    A: The lungs are hypoinflated with central bronchovascular crowding but no evidence of overt pulmonary edema
    A: Marked bullous emphysematous changes and traction bronchiectasis , again most notable involving the bilateral upper lobes
    A: Rotated apical lordotic frontal projection , mild bronchovascular crowding and scattered chronic appearing irregular interstitial markings
    A: Extensive bilateral bronchiectasis , cystic changes , scarring represents sequela from the patient's cystic fibrosis. Extensive pulmonary bronchiectasis and scarring from cystic fibrosis


40) what about markings?:

    A: Prominent interstitial markings
    A: The pulmonary vascular markings are symmetric and normal
    A: There is prominence of the interstitial markings bilaterally
    A: Chronic interstitial markings XXXX represents the sequela of emphysema
    A: There are prominent interstitial markings , including focally in right upper lobe
    A: Hyperinflated lungs with chronic appearing interstitial markings , compatible with emphysema
    A: There are diffuse increased interstitial markings , suggestive of pulmonary fibrosis in bilateral lung XXXX
    A: The lungs are mildly hypoinflated with increased peripheral lung markings noted predominantly in the right upper and lower lung
    A: Diffusely coarsened interstitial markings are noted consistent with chronic lung disease , with worsened patchy opacities and a left apex and right base
    A: Pulmonary vascular markings centrally are within normal limits and symmetric. Increased interstitial markings bilaterally at the lung bases. Increased interstitial markings in the lower lungs , edema versus chronic interstitial changes


41) what about bronchovascular crowding?:

    A: Low lung volumes and bronchovascular crowding
    A: Low lung volumes with bronchovascular crowding
    A: There are low lung volumes causing bronchovascular crowding
    A: Bronchovascular crowding without typical findings of pulmonary edema
    A: Bronchovascular crowding without typical findings of pulmonary edema
    A: There are low lung volumes causing bibasilar atelectasis and bronchovascular crowding
    A: There are low lung volumes with associated bronchovascular crowding and basilar subsegmental atelectasis
    A: Lung volumes are low with central bronchovascular crowding and patchy basilar atelectasis , Degenerative changes of the spine
    A: There are low lung volumes with bronchovascular crowding. Low lung volumes with bronchovascular crowding otherwise lungs are clear
    A: Low lung volumes , causing streaky bibasilar atelectasis and bronchovascular crowding. Low lung volumes with subsequent bronchovascular crowding and bibasilar atelectasis


42) what about fluid?:

    A: Bilateral pleural fluid
    A: No visible pleural fluid
    A: No visible pleural fluid
    A: No visible pleural fluid
    A: No visible pleural fluid
    A: The stomach is distended with an air-fluid level
    A: The small amount of pleural fluid is XXXX deep to the fracture
    A: No pneumothorax or visible pleural fluid. No air-fluid levels or free intraperitoneal air
    A: Fluid noted in small bowel and stomach. Cardiomegaly/pericardial fluid and small bilateral pleural effusions 2
    A: An air-fluid level is seen in the upper right abdomen immediately below the right hemidiaphragm. Extensive pleural densities are present on the right which may represent localized fluid or pleural thickening. Right pleural densities which may represent thickening or localized fluid. Air-fluid level below the right hemidiaphragm medially. this could represent air-fluid within a XXXX of bowel , a subpulmonic process is a consideration


43) what about free air?:

    A: No free subdiaphragmatic air
    A: No free subdiaphragmatic air
    A: No visible free air under the diaphragm
    A: No free air is appreciated beneath hemidiaphragms
    A: There is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm
    A: There is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm
    A: There is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm
    A: There is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm
    A: There is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm
    A: There is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm


44) what about lesions?:

    A: No cardiopulmonary injury
    A: No destructive lesions of the ribs
    A: No acute osseous injury XXXX demonstrated
    A: This may be secondary to inhalational injury
    A: Left upper lobe opacities , cannot exclude mass lesions
    A: Lucent lesion with thin sclerotic margin in the right humeral head
    A: Contour irregularity of the left clavicle appears chronic and suggests old injury
    A: Questionable thin-walled cavitary lesion in the right lower lobe and may represent artifact
    A: Irregularity within the right apex is consistent with patient's known cavitary lesion as a sequela of prior tuberculosis
    A: There are irregular opacities in the left lung apex , that could represent a cavitary lesion in the left lung apex , There are streaky opacities in the right upper lobe. Probably scarring in the left apex , difficult to exclude a cavitary lesion


45) what about hernias?:

    A: Hiatal hernia
    A: Large hiatal hernia
    A: Prominent hiatal hernia
    A: A large hiatal hernia is noted
    A: There is a hiatal hernia. Hiatal hernia
    A: Stable cardiomegaly with large hiatal hernia
    A: There is a moderate hiatal hernia. Mild cardiomegaly and moderate hiatal hernia
    A: Unchanged eventration of the left hemidiaphragm versus small hernia (Bochdalek)
    A: There is a rounded lucency seen above the diaphragm on lateral view , suggestive of small hiatal hernia. Small hiatal hernia noted
    A: Surgical clips again seen overlying the superior mediastinum , There is an retrocardiac density compatible hiatal hernia. Retrocardiac density compatible with hiatal hernia


46) what about lung parenchyma?:

    A: Lung parenchyma is clear
    A: Lung parenchyma is clear
    A: No active parenchymal disease
    A: The lung parenchyma is otherwise clear
    A: No areas of parenchymal consolidation or pleural effusion
    A: The lung parenchyma is clear , without focal airspace opacity
    A: The differential diagnosis includes round pneumonia and parenchymal mass
    A: The lungs are hyperinflated with XXXX XXXX opacities compatible with pleural-parenchymal scarring
    A: Nodular opacities scattered throughout the lungs compatible with known pulmonary parenchymal metastatic disease
    A: The lungs are hyperinflated with biapical pleural-parenchymal scarring. Hyperinflation with chronic upper lobe reticular-nodular pleural-parenchymal opacities and hilar retraction


47) what about vena cava?:

    A: Catheter tip mid SVC
    A: Left venous catheter in SVC
    A: Two venous catheter tips overlie the mid SVC
    A: Left subclavian central line tip is at the upper SVC
    A: Right IJ venous catheter terminates at the proximal SVC
    A: Catheter tip may be within the proximal SVC or azygos vein
    A: Left PICC line tip near junction of brachiocephalic vein and SVC
    A: Right jugular XXXX catheter present with tip overlying the lower SVC
    A: There is a right-sided chest XXXX identified whose distal tip projects over the SVC
    A: There is widening adjacent to the right paratracheal stripe , most XXXX represents the SVC with rotated position


48) what about COPD?:

    A: COPD
    A: Stable changes of COPD
    A: changes of COPD as before
    A: COPD and probable right basilar scarring
    A: Hyperexpanded lung XXXX compatible with COPD
    A: Changes in the lungs consistent with COPD/emphysema
    A: Lungs demonstrate increased interstitial markings probably COPD
    A: Hyperexpanded lungs , suggesting chronic obstructive pulmonary disease
    A: The lungs are hyperaerated suggestive of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease. COPD
    A: The lungs are hyperinflated with coarse interstitial markings compatible with obstructive pulmonary disease and emphysema


49) what about lucencies?:

    A: The lungs are mildly hyperlucent but clear
    A: A vague lucency is present in left rib 7 anteriorly
    A: Hyperlucent hyperinflated lungs with flattened diaphragms
    A: Stable biapical lucency and apical scarring , consistent with emphysema
    A: Hyperlucent right apex with hyperinflation consistent with emphysematous changes
    A: There is a left subphrenic crescentic lucency , this is concerning for pneumoperitoneum
    A: There is a rounded lucency seen above the diaphragm on lateral view , suggestive of small hiatal hernia
    A: There are increased lucencies in the bilateral apices along with horizontal oblique scarring in the left upper lobe
    A: There is hyperexpansion , hyperlucency of both lungs , as well as flattening of the diaphragm consistent with chronic emphysematous lung disease
    A: There is minimal hyperexpansion and hyperlucency of the lungs suggestive of chronic lung disease , without focal consolidation , pneumothorax , or effusion identified


50) what about cancer or tumor?:

    A: suspicious for neoplasm
    A: No definite evidence of metastatic disease
    A: No radiographic evidence for thoracic metastases
    A: The appearance is concerning for metastatic disease
    A: No evidence for metastatic disease by radiographic evaluation
    A: At XXXX 2 right lung pulmonary nodules concerning for<BR>metastatic disease
    A: Lobulated right middle lobe mass measuring 4 , most compatible with neoplasm
    A: Increasing density in the superior segment XXXX the left lower lobe , consistent worsening of known tumor
    A: Bilateral hilar fullness may indicate pulmonary hypertension , differential diagnosis reactive lymphadenopathy , metastatic disease
    A: Rounded nodular opacity in the peripheral left upper lung which may represent further sequela infectious process versus other pathology including metastatic disease in a patient with thyroid cancer


51) what about airways?:

    A: The central airway is midline
    A: Normal pulmonary vasculature and central airways
    A: Normal pulmonary vasculature and central airways
    A: Normal mediastinal contour and vasculature , central airways and lung volumes
    A: Normal mediastinal contour and vasculature , central airways and lung volumes
    A: Normal mediastinal contour and vasculature , central airways and lung volumes
    A: Normal mediastinal contour and vasculature , central airways and lung volumes
    A: Normal mediastinal contour and vasculature , central airways and aeration of the lungs
    A: Normal mediastinal contour and vasculature , central airways and aeration of the lungs
    A: There are reticular opacities in the medial right middle lobe with tubular airway ectasia which obscures the right heart XXXX


52) what about sulci?:

    A: The posterior sulci are clear
    A: The right costophrenic sulcus is blunted
    A: posterior costophrenic sulci are excluded
    A: There is suggestion of a deep sulcus sign on the right
    A: There is mild blunting of both posterior costophrenic sulci
    A: No significant pleural effusion , though the extreme posterior right sulcus is excluded on the lateral image
    A: There is a curvilinear density within and along the right costophrenic sulcus which most XXXX represents a skinfold
    A: There are streaky left basilar opacities and blunting of the left costophrenic sulcus XXXX secondary to a small effusion
    A: Blunting of the lateral and posterior left costophrenic sulcus may represent residual postsurgical effusion or pleural-parenchymal scarring
    A: There is blunting of the right lateral costophrenic sulcus which could be secondary to a small effusion versus scarring. Blunting of the right costophrenic sulcus could be secondary to a XXXX effusion versus scarring


53) what about fissures?:

    A: Azygos fissure incidentally noted
    A: There is thickening of the fissure
    A: Incidental note XXXX of an azygos fissure
    A: Fat seen within the XXXX fissure on the right
    A: There is subpleural edema outlining the right XXXX fissure
    A: There is an accessory azygos fissure in the right upper lung
    A: There is XXXX patchy airspace disease in the right upper lobe along the XXXX fissure
    A: There is prominence of the interstitial markings with fluid in the fissures consistent with interstitial edema
    A: There is XXXX airspace opacity in the mid right lung radiating from the right hilum to the pleura and bordered inferiorly by the fissures
    A: Round opacity seen projecting adjacent to right hilum on PA view is XXXX on lateral view to represent some discoid atelectasis or fluid associated with the upper aspect of the XXXX fissure


54) what about congestive heart failure CHF?:

    A: No effusions or CHF
    A: No effusions or CHF identified
    A: No acute airspace disease or CHF
    A: Mild heart failure versus volume overload
    A: No acute airspace disease , effusions , or CHF
    A: No acute airspace disease , effusions , or CHF
    A: Mild cardiomegaly as before with no effusions or overt evidence of CHF
    A: Manifestations of decompensated congestive heart failure with basilar atelectasis
    A: Congestive heart failure with basilar pulmonary interstitial edema and bilateral pleural fluid
    A: Prominent pulmonary vasculature , subpleural edema , peribronchial cuffing suggestive of volume overload versus viral bronchiolitis


55) what about the stomach?:

    A: The stomach contour normal
    A: cardiac apex , stomach are left-sided
    A: cardiac apex , stomach are left-sided
    A: Fluid noted in small bowel and stomach
    A: Nasogastric tube tip XXXX within the stomach body
    A: There is interval removal of gastric suction tube
    A: There is a large amount of XXXX distending the stomach
    A: the distal tip coursing inferiorly into the stomach and not included on the study
    A: Catheter tubing overlies the left upper quadrant , appearance of the lateral projection suggest prior gastric banding procedure
    A: Enteric tube is again noted , coursing below the diaphragm the tip of which is seen projecting over the expected location of the body of the stomach


56) what about lymph nodes?:

    A: Calcified left hilar lymph node
    A: Left-sided perihilar calcified lymph node
    A: There is a calcified right hilar lymph node
    A: 3 cm calcified right paratracheal lymph node
    A: There is a AP XXXX duct is calcified lymph node
    A: There is a calcified lymph node in the right hilum
    A: This may represent a vascular structure or enlarged lymph node
    A: There is a calcified right hilar lymph node and right granuloma
    A: Prominence of left hilum which could be due to nodule/lymph node or superimposing blood XXXX
    A: 7 cm nodular opacity within the right hilum , there is XXXX large lymph node or partially calcified granuloma


57) what about aspiration?:

    A: There is no evidence of aspiration
    A: Aspiration or edema are also possible
    A: no radiographic evidence of aspiration
    A: No evidence of pneumonia or aspiration 2
    A: Stable left lung consolidation , possibly infectious pneumonia and /or aspiration
    A: There is focal airspace disease in the right lung base concerning for pneumonia or aspiration
    A: Streaky and patchy bibasilar opacities may be compatible with atelectasis versus consolidation , aspiration
    A: Abnormal pulmonary opacities most suggestive of pulmonary edema , differential diagnosis includes infection and aspiration
    A: Abnormal pulmonary opacities most suggestive of pulmonary edema , primary differential diagnosis includes infection and aspiration
    A: Abnormal pulmonary opacities which may be due to atelectasis , differential diagnosis includes infection , aspiration , atypical distribution pulmonary edema


58) what about air collections?:

    A: No pleural air collection
    A: No pleural air collections
    A: No pleural air collections
    A: No pleural air collections
    A: No pleural air collections. Cutaneous air is present
    A: Small medial left upper lobe pleural air collection
    A: A large pleural air collection is present on the right
    A: COPD with almost completely resolved right apical pleural air collection
    A: Bibasilar patchy airspace disease with bilateral small pleural fluid collections
    A: Air collection with air-fluid level is seen in the right medial apical region projecting into the level of thoracic inlet


59) what about shadow?:

    A: Bilateral nipple shadows
    A: Bilateral nipple shadows seen
    A: Bilateral nipple shadows seen
    A: May represent vascular shadows exaggerated by supine
    A: Nipple shadows and dense breast tissue overlie the lung bases
    A: curvilinear XXXX densities over the breast shadows compatible with piercings
    A: Configuration of breast shadows on the PA view suggests prior right lumpectomy
    A: Increased density the lung bases , favored this attenuation from overlying breast shadows
    A: Nodular densities projecting over the posterior 9th ribs bilaterally are consistent with nipple shadows
    A: Vague density in the medial right lung apex most XXXX representing overlying shadows of bony structures


60) what about pneumoperitoneum?:

    A: No pneumoperitoneum
    A: Negative for pneumoperitoneum
    A: Negative for pneumoperitoneum
    A: Negative for pneumoperitoneum
    A: Negative for pneumoperitoneum
    A: Negative for pneumothorax , pleural effusion , or pneumoperitoneum
    A: Supine examinations are limited for evaluation of pneumoperitoneum
    A: Pneumoperitoneum , attributed to the patient's recent abdominal surgery
    A: Small residual pneumoperitoneum consistent with known colonic perforation
    A: There is a left subphrenic crescentic lucency , this is concerning for pneumoperitoneum


61) what about bullae and blebs?:

    A: Bullae are present in the upper lobes
    A: Bullae are present in the upper lobes
    A: This could suggest emphysematous bullae
    A: Two bullae are seen in the right upper lung
    A: There is right greater than left biapical bullous emphysema
    A: There is stable appearing left upper and right upper lobe bullous disease
    A: Bilateral apical bullae and parenchymal scars are unchanged. Bullous disease and upper lobe scars
    A: Again demonstrated are biapical bullous emphysematous changes. Stable bullous emphysematous changes
    A: Bullae are present both upper lobes , right worse than left. Chronic interstitial and bullous disease
    A: There are diffuse bilateral interstitial and alveolar opacities consistent with chronic obstructive lung disease and bullous emphysema. Bullous emphysema and interstitial fibrosis


62) what about trauma?:

    A: No acute traumatic finding
    A: No acute traumatic findings
    A: No acute posttraumatic finding
    A: Advanced posttraumatic osteoarthritis
    A: possibly posttraumatic or postsurgical
    A: Posttraumatic changes compatible with prior gunshot wound
    A: Stable remote posttraumatic changes of multiple right ribs
    A: There are posttraumatic deformities of the right posterior ribs
    A: Chronic appearing left rib contour irregularities may be posttraumatic or postsurgical
    A: There is mild widening of the right acromioclavicular joint which may be postsurgical or posttraumatic in XXXX


63) what about sarcoidosis?:

    A: Sarcoidosis would be a consideration
    A: Normal chest No evidence of sarcoidosis
    A: This could be consistent with sarcoidosis
    A: no radiographic evidence of tuberculosis or sarcoidosis
    A: The changes are compatible with known diagnosis of sarcoidosis
    A: Mediastinal and hilar adenopathy compatible with patient's known sarcoidosis
    A: Chronic parenchymal changes XXXX reflecting sequela of patient's known sarcoidosis
    A: Somewhat indistinct pulmonary interstitium possibly reflecting underlying pulmonary sarcoidosis
    A: Widening of the mediastinum , XXXX secondary to lymphadenopathy related to sarcoid , or possibly reactive adenopathy
    A: FINDINGS COULD REPRESENT RESOLVING HISTOPLASMOSIS INFECTION , SARCOIDOSIS , OR MALIGNANCY XXXX AS LYMPHOMA OR PRIMARY LUNG CANCER


64) what about the carina?:

    A: Tracheostomy tube tip above the carina
    A: Tracheostomy tube tip 4 cm above the carina
    A: Tracheostomy tube tip 6 , 4 cm above the carina
    A: The tracheostomy tube tip is 5 cm above the carina
    A: Tracheostomy tip approximately 5 cm above the carina
    A: tracheostomy tube tip approximately 4 , 7 cm above the carina
    A: Endotracheal tube noted with tip approximately 4 , 5 cm above the carina
    A: Device compatible tracheostomy is in XXXX , with tip approximately 5-6 centimeters above carina
    A: There is an endotracheal tube at the level of the carina , recommend retraction. Endotracheal tube at the level of the carina , recommend retraction


65) what about the bowel?:

    A: Fluid noted in small bowel and stomach
    A: Multiple XXXX-filled loops of bowel are present
    A: Abdomen : There are no dilated loops of bowel to suggest obstruction
    A: The bowel XXXX pattern is not well evaluated secondary to incomplete imaging of the abdomen
    A: this could represent air-fluid within a XXXX of bowel , a subpulmonic process is a consideration
    A: No abnormally dilated small bowel loops. No evidence for intussusception or small bowel obstruction
    A: There are multiple air filled nondilated loops of small and large bowel. Nonspecific bowel XXXX pattern without evidence of obstruction
    A: Questionable small bowel loops are also visualized inthe large hernia. Stable appearance of large hiatal hernia containing stomach and large bowel as well as possible small bowel loops
    A: Centered over the mid abdomen there are multiple air-filled dilated loops of small bowel measuring the XXXX of which measure up to about 3. There are numerous air-filled dilated loops of small bowel over the mid abdomen. These findings are consistent with small bowel obstruction


66) what about pneumomediastinum?:

    A: No pneumothorax or pneumomediastinum
    A: No pneumothorax or pneumomediastinum
    A: No pleural or mediastinal air collections
    A: Pneumomediastinum is also less perceptible
    A: There is no pneumothorax or pneumomediastinum
    A: Negative for pneumothorax , pneumomediastinum , or pleural effusion
    A: The cardiac and mediastinal silhouette is normal There is no evidence of pneumomediastinum or pneumothorax. No evidence of pneumothorax or pneumomediastinum
    A: Portable frontal view of the chest with overlying external cardiac monitor leads shows normal cardiomediastinal silhouette , central airways , pulmonary vasculature and lung volumes without focal air space consolidation or pleural effusion


67) what about contrast?:

    A: Contrast is seen within the bilateral kidneys
    A: nasopharynx with intravenous contrast if there is no known potential XXXX
    A: Radiopaque contrast from recent esophagram projects over the left upper abdomen
    A: There appears to the contrast XXXX within small colonic diverticula in the splenic flexure region
    A: Contrast within the bilateral renal collecting systems. Contrast also probably within the left colon
    A: Contrast retained within the renal collecting XXXX. Retained contrast within the renal collecting XXXX
    A: There is a moderate amount of retained contrast within the distal esophagus. Retained contrast in the distal esophagus
    A: In the left superior lower lobe there is a 1 , 8 cm round area of density which has increased in size compared to prior chest radiograph , abdomen and pelvis with contrast as this area is suspicious for potential malignancy


68) what about bowel obstruction and loops?:

    A: Multiple XXXX-filled loops of bowel are present
    A: Multiple colonic loops are demonstrated in the left upper quadrant
    A: Multiple slightly distended loops are present from stomach to rectum
    A: Abdomen : There are no dilated loops of bowel to suggest obstruction
    A: No abnormally dilated small bowel loops. No evidence for intussusception or small bowel obstruction
    A: There are multiple air filled nondilated loops of small and large bowel. Nonspecific bowel XXXX pattern without evidence of obstruction
    A: Questionable small bowel loops are also visualized inthe large hernia. Stable appearance of large hiatal hernia containing stomach and large bowel as well as possible small bowel loops
    A: Centered over the mid abdomen there are multiple air-filled dilated loops of small bowel measuring the XXXX of which measure up to about 3. There are numerous air-filled dilated loops of small bowel over the mid abdomen. These findings are consistent with small bowel obstruction


69) what about air-fluid level?:

    A: No air-fluid levels or free intraperitoneal air
    A: The stomach is distended with an air-fluid level
    A: Two air-fluid levels in the right hemithorax most XXXX representing hydropneumothorax
    A: Air-fluid level is present behind the heart which probably represents a hiatal hernia
    A: There is an air-fluid level in the middle mediastinum , most XXXX secondary to a large hiatal hernia
    A: Air collection with air-fluid level is seen in the right medial apical region projecting into the level of thoracic inlet
    A: An air-fluid level is seen in the upper right abdomen immediately below the right hemidiaphragm. Air-fluid level below the right hemidiaphragm medially
    A: There is a XXXX moderate layering right pleural effusion with air fluid level noted. XXXX airspace disease within the superior segment of the right lower lobe with moderate layering right pleural effusion with air fluid level


70) what about the colon?:

    A: Contrast also probably within the left colon
    A: Interposition of the colon in the left upper quadrant
    A: There is a mild amount of XXXX seen in the transverse colon
    A: Large hiatal hernia is identified containing stomach and colon
    A: There is extensive stool XXXX seen throughout the descending colon
    A: Air and stool visible throughout the entire large colon including the rectum
    A: There are XXXX-filled loops of mildly dilated colon in the left upper quadrant


71) what about the esophagus?:

    A: Stable appearance of the esophagogastric tube and left PICC
    A: Previously noted esophagogastric flexion catheter has been removed 5
    A: Radiopaque contrast from recent esophagram projects over the left upper abdomen
    A: There is a moderate amount of retained contrast within the distal esophagus. Retained contrast in the distal esophagus
    A: Postsurgical changes of esophagectomy and gastric pull-through are stable. Stable postsurgical changes of esophagectomy with improved bibasilar airspace opacities/atelectasis


72) what about peribronchial cuffing?:

    A: Peribronchial cuffing also noted
    A: Bilateral lower lobe bronchial thickening consistent with bronchitis
    A: There is scattered areas of bronchial wall thickening , well-seen in the left upper lobe
    A: There is XXXX peribronchial cuffing noted on the lateral view with fullness in the perihilar regions
    A: Increased peribronchial cuffing. Prominent pulmonary vasculature , subpleural edema , peribronchial cuffing suggestive of volume overload versus viral bronchiolitis


73) what about bronchiectasis?:

    A: Perihilar opacities which may represent changes due to bronchiectasis
    A: lingula compatible with some bronchiectasis and chronic inflammatory change
    A: is most compatible with bronchiectasis. Stable right middle lobe bronchiectasis
    A: Marked bullous emphysematous changes and traction bronchiectasis , again most notable involving the bilateral upper lobes
    A: Extensive bilateral bronchiectasis , cystic changes , scarring represents sequela from the patient's cystic fibrosis. Extensive pulmonary bronchiectasis and scarring from cystic fibrosis


74) what about the liver?:

    A: Elevated right hemidiaphragm , with a nodular soft tissue contour , containing liver. containing liver
    A: Slightly prominent basilar interstitial markings may be related to stigmata of chronic liver disease
    A: There is a near spherical XXXX shaped calcification projecting over the right upper quadrant , apparently within the anterior-superior aspect of liver


75) what about gas distension?:

    A: There is mild XXXX-distention of this stomach
    A: The stomach is distended with an air-fluid level
    A: Multiple slightly distended loops are present from stomach to rectum


76) what about abscess and cavitation?:

    A: No cavitations
    A: No change right upper lobe cavitation
    A: This could indicate cavitation. Possible apical cavitation


77) what about the thyroid?:

    A: Rounded nodular opacity in the peripheral left upper lung which may represent further sequela infectious process versus other pathology including metastatic disease in a patient with thyroid cancer
    A: There is prominence of the superior mediastinum which may be partially due to patient's known thyroid mass. Increasing prominence of the superior mediastinum may be secondary to enlarging thyroid mass


78) what about tendon?:

    A: Possible right shoulder calcific tendinitis
    A: There is mild superior subluxation of the humerus on the glenoid which suggests reflect chronic rotator XXXX pathology , dysmorphic ossification superolateral to the humeral head XXXX reflecting calcific tendinitis


79) what about ossification?:

    A: Following spine ossifications and marginal osteophytes again noted
    A: There is mild superior subluxation of the humerus on the glenoid which suggests reflect chronic rotator XXXX pathology , dysmorphic ossification superolateral to the humeral head XXXX reflecting calcific tendinitis


80) what about haze?:

    A: There is mild haziness in the right lung and left base , which could represent infiltrate
    A: There is haziness in the right lung apex. Haziness in the right lung apex and questionable right middle lobe pulmonary nodule


81) what about azygos lobe?:

    A: Azygos lobe is noted
    A: Redemonstration of azygos lobe. Redemonstrated azygos lobe


82) what about pneumatocele?:

    A: In the collapsed left upper lobe are stranding and pneumatoceles


83) what about kerley lines?:

    A: A few septal lines of the left lateral sulcus


84) what about cholelithiasis?:

    A: Cholelithiasis


85) what about azygos vein?:

    A: Catheter tip may be within the proximal SVC or azygos vein. Distal catheter tip may be within the azygos vein


86) what about sagittal chest?:



87) what about fluid overload?:



88) what about bronchogram?:



89) what about blurring?:



90) what about bleeding?:



91) what about ascites?:



Total oraciones invlidas: 3155
Total oraciones sin match: 1322


Ejemplos de oraciones vlidas que no hicieron match con ninguna pregunta

    leads
    intact
    abdomen
    Negative
    see above
    Confluent
    Clear chest
    Normal chest
    appear normal
    lateral views
    Otherwise clear
    right ventricle
    leads are stable
    No acute process
    No active disease
    This is increased
    as described above
    Normal vascularity
    No interval change
    Mild hyperinflation
    Overlying EKG leads
    Leads appear intact
    with some disrupted
    There are broken 1st
    These contour normal
    Severe hyperinflation
    high-resolution scans
    left worse than right
    No significant finding
    The patient is rotated
    No acute chest findings
    External contour normal
    Lungs are hyperexpanded
    No degenerative disease
    Negative for obstruction
    No evidence of active TB
    consider decubitus views
    No acute abnormality seen
    These contours are normal
    No evidence of recurrence
    or outside of the patient
    Negative chest radiographs
    No acute osseus abnormality
    Peripheral vascular disease
    Stable postsurgical changes
    No acute pulmonary findings
    No evidence of acute disease
    May be due to mediastinal fat
    following appropriate therapy
    Unremarkable chest radiograph
    No evidence of active disease
    Lungs are mildly hyperexpanded
    No visible focal acute disease
    There is of uncertain etiology
    Negative for acute abnormality
    Atrial septal occluder artifact
    Changes of chronic lung disease
    Significantly improved aeration
    mediastinal postsurgical changes
    No acute intra-abdominal process
    without evidence of complication
    No acute right pulmonary findings
    Left nipple silhouette visualized
    No evidence of aortic transection
    No evidence of acute complication
    This may represent a vessel on end
    The lungs are mildly hyperexpanded
    No acute disease process identified
    No acute changes from prior imaging
    Chest fluoroscopy would confirm this
    Unremarkable radiographs of the chest
    Chronic changes without acute process
    no acute pulmonary disease identified
    Low volume study without acute process
    No finding suggestive of active disease
    Postsurgical changes of the right chest
    Otherwise unremarkable chest radiograph
    Limited study secondary to body habitus
    Unchanged exam without acute abnormality
    No XXXX or acute finding on today's study
    It is not well visualized on lateral view
    Stable appearance of the right aortic XXXX
    Stable exam with no acute abnormality seen
    Stable appearance of the left axillary XXXX
    crosstable lateral radiographs of the chest
    Senescent changes no acute pulmonary disease
    If patient high XXXX for pulmonary malignancy
    There are postsurgical changes of the abdomen
    It may be secondary to overlapping structures
    Lateral views obscured by patient body habitus
    Visualized XXXX are unremarkable in appearance
    Limited evaluation reveals no acute abnormality
    Severe slightly smaller than is compared to XXXX
    These may be explained by overlapping structures
    there is a focal retrosternal hypodense convexity
    This study is limited by the patient body habitus
    Exam quality limited by hypoinflation and rotation
    be considered to ensure resolution of this process
    Artifact in the region of the central upper abdomen
    Limited lateral view , given overlapping silhouettes
    Limited quality exam shows no definite acute findings
    Marked enlargement of the XXXX bilaterally , increased
    No acute or active cardiac or pulmonary disease process
    There is also mild obscuration of the right cardiac XXXX
    Stable appearance of chest without active process evident
    May contain calcium , this cannot be stated with certainty
    Partial obscuration retrosternal space due to overlying XXXX
    Stable appearance of the chest without acute abnormality noted
    Rounded 1 , 4 cm projecting retrosternally on lateral view only
    be considered to exclude the possibility of pulmonary malignancy
    Malignancy cannot be confidently excluded on the available images
    Chronic lung disease without superimposed acute disease identified
    on lateral view the XXXX is in the expected region of right ventricle
    The lungs are hyperexpanded , with increased AP diameter of the chest
    Chondral cartilages causing XXXX over the anterior lungs on lateral view
    Upper thorax is poorly visualized due to patient's overlying head and chin
    There are XXXX fragments overlying the posterior left chest , right neck base
    Evaluation is limited due to obscuration by the patient's arm on the lateral view
    This may be due to XXXX having resolved or simply not being visible on the chest x-XXXX
    Slight rotation of the patient's head limits evaluation of the epiglottis which is XXXX normal in size and caliber
